B :  Two .
C :  Good morning .
A :  Hello . Hello .
D :  Hello .
D :  Ah .
A :  You have to put it exactly on the on the yeah .
D :  Plate ?
C :  Okay .
B :  Good morning .
C :  Good morning .
C :  Should I bring my uh pen too ? Or
A :  I took your mouse . Yeah just yeah , no , that's for me , I just have to make some notes . I got my uh mouse .
C :  Okay .
D :  Uh I also forgot my mouse , but I don't need my mouse , I think .
B :  Mouse .
A :  yeah .
C :  I do .
B :  Come on . There we are .
C :  My laptop is crashing .
D :  Damn computers .
C :  Cr
C :  Help help help .
B :  Let's just check one more time .
B :  Mm .
D :  Can you hear me ? Hello ? Test . I dunno .
A :  Uh actually my laptop doesn't work , switch it on again .
D :  Check . Okay . I think it works .
A :  Oh no .
C :  Test test . Yes , it's working .
A :  So you all read what we are going to do or not ? Okay .
D :  Mm-hmm . We're gonna make a remote control .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , that's right .
C :  I think my laptop is a bit
C :  etchy .
A :  I just made a a simple uh presentation .
A :  So you put some things in it .
A :  Okay .
A :  How does this work ? I dunno .
B :  One uh most to the right . Yes that one . Yes .
C :  Uh p
A :  This one ?
D :  Press F_ eleven .
A :  Ah cool . Okay . So that's my name , . Uh we're going to make uh a remote control , you already know that . Just have a look , are we going to uh this agenda of our meeting . You know , this is about twenty five minutes , this meeting .
A :  So um the thing we have to know is you already know what we're going to do , you also read what this the things or , not yet , okay . So um , yeah , it has to be original , trendy , user-friendly that's what we're going to design . Uh first we have uh uh three steps of uh making the the remote control . Fir the first thing is th the functional design , that's very important . We have to look what the needs are , the effects of the functional design , and and how the mm the the remote control works , so that's where we're going to look in the functional design , it's for the f next meeting .
B :  Yes .
A :  The the second thing is the conceptual design , that's what it that's uh the spe the specifications of the components and the properties and the specifications of the user interface . And we have to look what uh the market is doing for what kind of uh remote controls are in the market . And the third thing is uh the detailed design um and that's exa yeah , you know what it is , it's exactly how it looks and whatever . Okay so uh no , this is a these are two smartboards , with the uh f uh s an introduction of that one .
A :  And you already saw you know all that that you here can put uh things in the the red project uh map . Folder , okay .
D :  Folder , yes .
A :  So no okay have a look at that one .
A :  Okay .
A :  So uh what we're going to do first is um
A :  so you can read . You have to uh draw uh a favourite animal on the whiteboard and um and say why it's your favourite animal . So and you have this is just to try it out and we have to uh use a different pen colours and different thickness of the pen .
A :  So okay , so first have to show you , maybe you can come here to have a look how it works .
A :  Yes ? Okay . This a new page , it's okay . Use pen format .
D :  Ah I can see it now .
B :  Yeah .
A :  and a different colour can use here no I just take the pink .
A :  You take oh there's no pink , okay , oh just purple , okay . No blue . And uh line width ten . Okay uh just take what I'm going to draw is an elephant .
B :  Purple .
A :  Just draw slowly , because otherwise it won't work .
A :  It's a very
A :  nice elephant , you can see .
A :  I dunno what it looks but it doesn't matter .
B :  Looks very nice .
A :  I just h
A :  Something like this ? Oh no
D :  It look like a dinosaurs .
A :  Yeah , okay . Because I like uh okay .
B :  A pink elephant .
A :  Just takes so long , okay . Whatever , just .
A :  You erased this one .
A :  It's a bit slow you can see , this is a bit annoying .
D :  Okay .
A :  Okay , so just
A :  for you guys just one of you can draw a painting if you want .
D :  Let me try one .
A :  Just don't um yeah , just u use it like that , yeah . That's okay .
D :  Okay .
D :  Mm . Okay and then uh what's the colour ? How do I do
A :  It's in format .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Ah .
D :  I'll take this one .
D :  Uh there has to be water , but
A :  Just
A :  No it has to be an animal , so if that's it's it should be a shna snake or something . Okay . Okay okay . Okay .
D :  Yeah yeah , but it's an animal it's an animal that lives in the water . So I first uh draw the water .
C :  Okay .
B :  The water is important .
D :  Uh . Okay , and now
D :  I make the animal .
D :  It's a fish .
C :  Wow .
A :  Okay , cool .
D :  Mm-hmm .
D :  So .
D :  Um
D :  This is a worm .
B : 
A :  Hmm yeah , that's nice .
C :  Wow .
D :  Okay , who next ? Uh
A :  Uh do you have to write down why uh that doesn't matter , just it's to get used to the whiteboard , but it's okay . Just make a new blank new blank page .
D :  Okay .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Well Paul ?
B :  Yeah . Like this ?
A :  Yeah , not too far to the to the t pen top .
B :  Okay . Um
B :  let's make it
B :  a dog .
B :  Ooh .
A :  Maybe you should hold your pen a bit more to the back , so that no , to the yeah .
D :  I think it's a pig .
B :  Ah okay .
B :  A pig ?
B :  I can make a dog .
A :  No , it's a dog .
D :  Or a dog .
B :  Um
D :  A sheep ?
A :  Uh we d only have twenty five minutes , so .
C :  Take it easy .
B :  'Kay , I make a cat of it .
C :  I I was gonna make a cat too .
A :  Use your fantasy .
B :  Oh , not too quick .
A :  Just hold it more more to the back then you don't have okay .
B :  No I have it .
B :  I just draw too quick I think .
B :  Okay , that's it .
B :  More .
A :  No , that's okay , thank you .
B :  It's just to get used to it .
C :  Okay .
A :  I thought these pens would be just um uh you write it down and you download it to Word , you already did it or no ? No , not yet , okay . But it's just
D :  No .
B :  Yeah , that's right , it but you actually got to write on the paper . You really got to write on that paper .
A :  Sorry ?
A :  Yeah , I know , but I d I I thought it would be just in in in uh typed words in Word , so that's not just it's just a picture . So it's not that cool as I th thought it would be .
D :  Yeah yeah , it's a real pen .
B :  Yeah , but it's just a picture .
D :  Oh .
B :  You really
D :  Y you can you can't edit in the edit it in Word .
B :  No .
A :  No .
D :  Oh , okay .
B :  It's a donkey .
A :  I don't know , what time did we start this meeting , I'm not sure .
B :  Uh I think it was uh
A :  Half past .
D :  Half past ten .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Okay .
D :  Brilliant .
A :  Okay , perfect .
C :  Nice , eh ?
D :  Yep .
A :  Yeah , thank you . Now we just have to save everything , so .
A :  Oh this is definitely the best one .
C :  Uh .
A :  Okay , so
A :  uh what we know is that we have to sell this uh remote control for about twenty five Euros .
C :  Excuse me .
A :  Okay , that's . And uh we have to make a profit of fifty million Euros , so we have to uh use a big market in Europe .
B :  Piece of cake .
A :  The production cost are about half the price of selling price , sorry .
B :  Uh easy .
A :  So can someone make a
A :  a calculation about how many we have to sell of these to make fifty million , I dunno . Uh so we're gonna have a little discussion about um what experience are with a remote control the and everything , so just have a look how it we think about remote controls .
D :  Yeah , my first question was does it have to be a a universal remote control ?
A :  Oh yeah , that's a good question .
D :  Because we sell it uh uh uh lonely from the t and not with the television , we sell it uh apart .
A :  I think it's I'm not I'm not sure , it's not mm I think
D :  So I
C :  Yeah , it probably would be universal .
B :  Universal . And only television ? Or more devices ?
D :  Because
A :  I don't think you can buy a a a universal uh remote control for twenty five Euros , so not sure , but
C :  Hmm , maybe , I don't know .
D :  Yeah , I know uh you can buy a re a universal uh control for uh only twenty uh Euros
A :  Okay , so we we just say we just say that's universal remote control . Okay , perfect .
D :  Yeah , I think .
B :  Ah okay .
C :  And uh also for the V_C_R_ and uh D_V_D_ player and okay .
A :  Yeah , everything just so a lot of buttons on the remote control .
C :  Yeah , probably .
B :  Not just a T_V_ .
A :  No , just everything .
B :  Okay .
A :  . so yeah , what what what's a remote control , it's just a black thing with some buttons on it , it's not nothing very special , but um yeah , that's right .
D :  Okay .
B :  Well we can try to make it special .
A :  So do you have any ideas how it has to look for for usability or user
B :  Well
D :  Well I th I thought about um making it the same uh style as the television , we don't have uh the same television uh all the time , so uh that's no matter . Um if we uh control the V_C_R_ and the D_V_D_ player player with it
D :  uh it has to be clear , because uh kids and uh elderly are gonna use it , so uh it's not only for the uh technical persons .
D :  I think it must be a very good control , so you can uh uh uh act uh use it from uh everywhere in your room , the the infrared uh thing must be from very good quality .
A :  Hmm yeah .
A :  That's right . Should be a good point .
B :  Yeah . Nothing
C :  Okay .
C :  And how big should it be ?
D :  No . Yeah . I dunno um
B :  It shouldn't be too big , but I don't think we can make it too small , 'cause it has to have a lot of functions , so .
C :  Yeah .
B :  We can't make it smaller than the things we see now I think .
A :  Just big enough for the buttons we have , that's that's it .
B :  Yeah . Or we have to make something uh
B :  like uh mobile phones that you can uh fold it opem . Maybe then you can make it s smaller and uniquer ,
C :  Yeah . Yeah .
B :  maybe more trendy .
A :  But you you you you think about uh uh one you can fold open . Okay , yeah , that's cool . Maybe for the D_V_D_ pla player or something , if you just okay .
B :  Fold open , where you can see uh more options . I think
D :  Ah that's that's
C :  Yeah n
B :  Yeah , something uh on top , just dren general things like volume and T_V_ channels and inside things you don't use that often .
D :  Ah right right .
C :  Yeah , or you c
A :  Yeah .
D :  Oh that's good , yeah .
C :  O or you could th think of an uh uh a small touch screen on the remote control .
B :  Yeah b I wanted
D :  Yeah .
A :  Why should you use a touchscreen on a remote control ? There are buttons on it .
C :  Uh maybe be uh it's it's
B :  No you can make an uh manual in it .
C :  Yeah , or um maybe to keep it uh easy and uh small .
A :  Okay .
D :  Yeah , but
A :  But it's not t t t too expensive to put a touchscreen on it .
C :  Uh like a a to have Yeah , maybe it would .
B :  But that's Yeah , I think it's much uh too expensive .
D :  Yeah but it's not reachable I think , touch screen . And we have to care for uh the strength of the remote control , because uh uh remote controls are most uh things in the house that falls down on the ground and it get often uh broken .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah . So . And if you have a touch screen in it , it's definitely too too fragile uh fragile .
B :  Yeah , too fragile .
D :  Yeah and a lots uh uh lots of kids use it and touchscreen is not uh kids uh
A :  No .
A :  You can put games on your remote control . Whatever .
C :  Kid-proof .
B :  Yeah .
C :  And uh how about the batteries ? Uh should you put it in a recharger or a just
D :  Um
A :  Oh maybe that's a good idea , just to put it on your television and just s recharge , you never have to use any batteries .
D :  Ma maybe a home station .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Mm yeah .
B :  Maybe that's a good idea , but yeah , we have to look at the price now I think .
A :  Yeah , how m how mu how how expensive uh is a normal recharger ?
D :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , I dunno .
B :  Well uh how much is your uh standards uh mobile phone recharger ?
A :  I dunno .
C :  Yeah , if you buy it uh separately from your phone it's probably expensive , but I don't know what the project uh projection costs are for such a thing .
D :  Ah yeah .
B :  Maybe have uh
A :  Uh if you th look at the market , it's probably it's still the best way just to put batteries in it , because maybe it's too expensive .
B :  Yeah , 'cause well
C :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , but a home station is uh a really good idea , because uh lots of people are uh lose their remote control and don't know where it is , and now you can put it always at the same place . Maybe it's
A :  Yeah , that's right , yeah .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Therefore it's a good idea , but maybe it's expensive .
B :  Maybe uh use it as a separate option . Sell it uh separately .
D :  Yeah .
D :  You can yeah , you can buy it with it .
C :  Yeah , but I have a mouse that's uh uh also uh
B :  Rechargeable .
C :  Yeah , and and you just have normal batteries that you can recharge and just put it in the station , or you can change your batteries , so .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Oh yeah .
A :  The option , just the option , that's cool .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Uh I I set something on paper already , size , looks , uh usable , uh the buttons on usable places , uh the the on off button must be on top , uh it has to lay good in the hand , you you have to uh
A :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Has it be has does it has to b have to be um uh like a different form than a normal remote control or
D :  Yeah , I don't I don't know I don't know if we
B :  Well I think we have to look at that , 'cause well you can do the standard way , but then you won't
D :  You can make it very special , to create our own um looks , but it's very hard to
C :  N uh if if we want to make it special , we probably have to do a lot of testing , if it really works .
D :  Nah .
B :  Well you can um
B :  have uh the basic things on the same place , like on off button on top and the T_V_ channels one two three four as a block , and then the volume uh obviously on t on top , so you can see . But the rest is uh you don't use that often , so if you have a clear button with an good icon on it , it should be clear as well . So it doesn't matter what place it is on the remote control I think , so you can do something unique with that .
C :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
C :  And what we have to think about too is uh uh buttons that you use often are um maybe uh like when you fold it open , when you have it closed , you can still uh do the th the functions . Yeah . But n yeah , but uh i basically when I'm watching T_V_ I'm just using like five buttons or so , so .
D :  Yeah yeah , what Paul already said . Uh on on top are the the basic options on top , and if you fold it open
A :  Yeah , just for the T_V_ and just the normal function , that's fine .
B :  Yeah , yeah .
A :  But maybe it's
B :  Yeah . That's what I meant .
A :  maybe it's very hard to to make it fold open and to l look like it's very uh uh what's it's called ?
D :  Mm . If you if if you make to fold open it's or also an uh the strength uh is not s as good as a normal uh remote control .
A :  Maybe it's hard t
B :  Uh
A :  No , that's right . So maybe we have to to uh keep it like mm a square , just normal remote control .
B :  Okay , but yeah .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Just think about it . We have to close this uh to finish this uh meeting , so . There's some more things . We have uh another thirty minutes , so then we're going to meet again . So you know what you have to what you have to do ?
C :  Okay .
D :  Okay .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Um for m for me uh the Marketing Expert , the user requirements uh specification , do I need to think as a user , a as a a a only the looks and the
B :  No , what you want to do with it .
A :  Yeah , I think this if you you have to n know if it's for s a T_V_ , a D_V_D_ player , all that things . Also from a user , but all these things together . Yeah , everything .
D :  Okay .
D :  Yeah , it's also about strength and uh for everything uh .
B :  Yeah , I also wrote down some stuff that you want on a
A :  Yeah , no maybe not not uh , that's not a f that's something for for for yeah . That's not for you .
B :  Technical fun fu
D :  Okay .
A :  Just if what's in the market , what's normal , uh what kind of uh buttons do you have .
B :  What do you want to do with your remote control , what do you need on your remote control . I already wrote some down , some ideas .
A :  Yeah , it's alright .
D :  Yep .
A :  Yeah , just is that okay ?
D :  Okay .
B :  Yep .
C :  Okay .
A :  Okay .
B :  There's already a document in the
B :  folder about it .
D :  Yeah , me too .
A :  So see you in thirty minutes .
D :  Okay , well done .
B :  Okay .
C :  Okay .
A :  For the next time you have to uh put it exactly on the square , so your laptop .
B :  I will .
D :  Oh Paul .
B :  It didn't say that .
A :  No , sorry .
B :  Your fault .
D :  Ciao .
D :  Bye bye .
B :  Bye bye .
A :  I just forgot their name , so uh you're i sorry , I just forgot them all . So I have to write it down .
D :  Okay .
A :  So
D :  Fine .
A :  Do you know them or
D :  The names ?
A :  Yeah .
D :  For for for my sur um Jens .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , no , but your b your surname .
D :  Uh Damman .
D :  D_ A_ W_ .
D :  Uh uh M_ M_ . I mean M_ . Double M_ .
A :  W_O_ da . Okay .
A :  Okay .
A :  And what's your name ?
B :  Paul Wiezer . Paul Wiezer .
A :  W_I_E_S_ z Z_ or S_ ? Uh uh zee . Okay . What's your name ?
B :  A_ E_ Z_ zee zee
B :  E_ R_ .
C :  Uh Martijn .
A :  Yeah , but your surname .
C :  What ?
A :  Your surname .
C :  Uh Abbing . A_ B_ B_ I_ N_ G_ .
A :  Okay , thanks .
B :  Uh .
C :  I was a little short on time , but
A :  Yeah , me too , so that's not No no no , I just fi first my
B :  Yeah , same here .
D :  Oh . Sorry .
B :  Uh let's see . Which one was mine ?
A :  So let's have a look , we have forty minutes , so it's it's more than enough .
A :  Okay , perfect . So we have Oh no , what's that ?
A :  So so we have uh forty minutes for this uh for this second meeting , and we have to make uh sure that we going t that we are sure , that we are ,
B :  Good .
A :  that we know what we're going to make uh th what the product is going to like look like . Uh first I have the notes of the last meeting , so I showed uh show them to you .
A :  Oh , sorry about that , I just escape this one .
A :  How do I escape this ?
C :  What ?
A :  How do I I escape this s uh presentation ?
B :  Uh left . So
C :  Uh
A :  Ah okay . And show , sorry . Okay , so let's have a look s at this one .
C :  Just Yeah .
A :  Okay , so the f the f the points we had last meeting was the um Should be a univ uh universal remote control No , that's I uh s I just got a email from the from the personal coach and it should be a T_V_ remote control only . So have you changed that part ? Um so yeah , it still has to be uh f a r a remote control for kids and elderly . It's it's still the same . Um
B :  Okay .
D :  Okay .
A :  All these points uh we have to
A :  look at . You all know them . But uh there's another point . The um uh the main
A :  uh people of interest of this company are forty plus people . So they're old and not younger people . So we have to look at that as well . 'Specially old people , maybe bi bigger buttons or something , I dunno .
B :  Yeah , okay .
A :  Uh so
A :  So yeah , that's it , so just you can do your presentation for uh
B :  Which one first ?
D :  Okay .
A :  Oh it doesn't matter , just start with the
B :  Okay .
D :  Mm .
D :  Uh
B :  Functional requirements , yeah .
D :  Okay . Well my name is Jens Damman , but we're in a group , and I I will start it . Wait . Um I've
D :  used a marketing report on uh the site . Uh I think you've uh read it too . Uh and uh f and furthermore I uh surfed the o the other site .
A :  I I didn't read i read it , so it's not for me , I didn't get it uh anyway . It's only for you .
D :  You didn't read it ?
B :  No , I didn don't thing we got it . Yes .
D :  Oh okay , I I was the only one who get it . Okay it was uh uh uh um um a report about uh an experiment with uh a lot of users .
A :  Yeah .
D :  And uh they had a lot of findings in their report uh with statistical uh uh uh thing uh with statistical uh proof .
D :  So I um I had three pages with findings and sev a lot of uh a lot of findings . So we can use this uh to uh create our own remote control . Uh seventy five percent of the users find uh most remote controls ugly .
D :  Yeah , I think uh uh that's a lot , so we have to make a beautiful remote control . Uh eighty percent of users would spend when uh a remote control will l uh look fancy .
D :  I think this fits uh at the uh what what uh Michael said about uh older people . Older people will uh spend more money uh for uh something uh uh what's good . Because younger people are more critical uh about uh uh where they spend their money money at .
D :  Uh seventy five percent uh seventy five percent of the users say they zap a lot . Well okay , that's uh normal . I think uh we we have to make uh good zap buttons . But that's one of our requirements .
A :  The last point is quite an interesting
D :  Yes , fifty percent of users say they only use ten percent of the buttons . Um Martijn alr already said it . And uh maybe our uh fold open system is is a good one , but
A :  So if we
A :  Yeah .
D :  I don't think it's uh
A :  Yeah , we should have the ten percent on the on the top , then you're you're
D :  reachable .
D :  Yeah , the ten percent on the top , yeah . That that's a good one . Um uh page two . Remote controls are often lost somewhere in the room . That's exactly what we said about um maybe a home station for uh for it uh to uh recharge the batteries or something .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Uh I thought mo maybe we could make a clap system , so when you clap your hands it will beep or something . Uh you must find it uh quickly .
B :  Uh .
B :  Maybe just a button on the home station . So remote control beeps when you click that button on the home station .
D :  Okay , yeah . Yeah , we can uh combine that . Uh it takes too much time to learn how to use a r new remote control . Uh I think we must t uh take a look at this .
D :  It's only uh th thirty four of the thirty four percent . But it's uh a tough one . Because if we make a ha whole new product , our own style , we we c uh this is so difficult , uh a difficulty I think .
D :  Uh next , remote controls are bad for R_S_I_ . Yeah , but only if they zap a lot , and they watch over five hours T_V_ or something . I don't We we haven't Uh we mustn't look too much at uh the last point .
D :  Okay , last page . Uh the last uh experiment uh was about gadgets , like uh speech recognition . We didn't uh think about that already . And uh an L_C_D_ on the remote control . We already thought about that .
D :  Um uh they finally had a conclusion that younger people um uh under an age of f forty five are uh more interested in new features . And but they're more critical .
D :  And older people uh want to spend uh more money . But uh they uh they don't want to uh have a lot of uh new features , because they're in their old uh thinking way . And they want to keep the old uh things the old things .
A :  So we have uh a new uh age of forty plus .
D :  But y But you but you already said that the uh company was about uh forty plus uh clients ?
A :  People . So yeah , so we just can skip the L_C_D_ r on the remote control , because
D :  I I think we can speak , uh we can skip speech recognition uh directly , because it's not reachable for twenty five Euros . Um then
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah . It's too Okay .
C :  Yeah .
D :  I have my personal uh preference . Okay , that's not very good , because I thought about television , D_V_D_ player , stereo and V_C_R_ . I had a question about . But it's already out of the question , this .
D :  Um my point is , well , I If we ma uh make a a remote uh control for only television , I think it's hard to uh sell it for twenty five Euros . But it's the exercise .
A :  Because it's too expensive . Yeah , probably .
D :  Yeah , only only for television uh On the market you can now buy for twenty Euros a remote control for everything . And we only make it for television , so we mi mm we m must made it make it uh very special .
B :  Yeah , but good usability , so you can use it .
D :  Okay , I told about the home station . Uh it must be simple , because uh our the the elderly people uh needs to use it .
D :  And I I found a motto . And we put the fashion in electronics . And that's uh the motto we are uh referenced to uh for our uh our style . We we have to make a a new product . We have to be um Yeah .
D :  One of a kind , I think .
A :  So it has to look uh uh uh unique , but
B :  Unique .
D :  The company is about our uh th th their own fashion , their own style .
B :  Yeah , I reckon
A :  Yeah .
A :  But old people are not looking for that .
B :  Uh I think mm
A :  Not really .
C :  Yeah . I think the main thing is the usability , that's where we can uh make it a special product . Yeah .
B :  Uh
B :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , to k to keep it simple when you Sorry I thought about it , yes .
A :  Okay . Yeah .
B :  But uh we also have to stand out , 'cause there are already , like you said , so many controls out that support lot of stuff . But we have to make sure that we're better usability , and stand out by just looks of it . So make it just a different colour or different shape , so
A :  Yeah . Okay .
D :  Okay , this was uh my presentation .
A :  Thanks .
C :  Okay .
D :  I don't Yeah . You can ask some questions or something .
A :  So Paul , you can do the next one if you want .
B :  Okay . Yeah well
B :  Uh .
A :  It's on the on the uh net net uh thing , isn't it ?
B :  There it is .
B :  Okay . Technical functions design .
B :  Okay , well , so we have s mm uh broad audience . Isn't that isn't true anymore . But um we have elderly people , so we need to keep it simple . Uh the way I want to keep it simple is to use the sen uh standard .
B :  So standardised uh methods like uh on all uh remote controls . Not too full , like uh Jens already said , only ten percent is being used .
A :  So what do you think of only the numbers and the on-off button or
B :  Yeah , I have it on the next page . But yes uh basic functions like numbers and that sort of stuff . Um so the options that we put on there should be easy to use , and 'cause you have more room then , and for elderly people big buttons . Uh an icon on it or text on it , so it's very clear what that buttons does . So it doesn't take much time to figure out uh how to use it .
A :  Okay .
B :  Um a way to find out uh what people use is maybe just to use uh questionnaires on the internet or
B :  just ask some random people , elderly people what they use , what they want on a remote control
A :  Yeah .
B :  to find out . But there is already in a
B :  one done . Of functions I could think of . Uh volume , channels , the the basic according to .
B :  Just one two three etcetera . Uh text service options .
B :  Um basic on-off . And I found an uh Could I think of favourites ? I always look up the same um pages on text and always have to click the number . But if you could make a new option , that you just have to press one button and you get on your
A :  Okay .
C :  Yeah , but then you have to remember what favourite is what channel . So you might as well remember the number .
C :  Or not ?
A :  Maybe i maybe it's too complicated , but not sure . It's a good idea , but
B :  No y
B :  Well it's It was just a thought . So I'm , I u I would find it handy , I think , when you just press one button and you get on six six six .
C :  Yeah , okay . But um how can you remember what uh channel uh connects to what favourite button ?
B :  Well uh what I was reading on the page . Uh a remote control just sends commands , basics commands to uh the television . So switch to channel six . So uh button six says says six . And if you make favourites , it can say six six six in a row . Just numbers . That can be in the in the
A :  Uh
C :  Yeah ?
C :  Yeah okay . But uh uh for a user to to remember , if I press that button it goes to that channel .
B :  Well if you said a favourite
C :  Yeah , but isn't it hard to remember ? Like favourite one and
A :  Uh mayb for me it's If I use my telephone , I never use those buttons to to to call sh Never .
B :  Well i
C :  Mm as as hard as
B :  Never ? Oh .
C :  No , neither do I .
B :  Oh are you ?
A :  So And
B :  Okay now , m maybe not .
A :  If I don't do it , maybe old people
B :  No , maybe elderly people uh . Right . They don't like new features . So maybe not .
C :  Yeah , I dunno .
D :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Um well play , pause . I dunno if that's usable when
A :  It's not , it's still not It's not anymore n uh
B :  Not anymore for T_V_ . Right , on off . I dunno , miss Did I miss any other buttons , basic buttons ?
D :  Um
B :  I couldn't think of any other , 'specially not for T_V_ .
A :  Just on the front as well . No , that's the only th the only thing you need .
B :  Is
C :  Uh uh the p uh next and previous . Previous I know , but next channel ? I don't thi
B :  Just the channel um uh What I mean is uh
D :  Forward .
C :  Li like a web browser , so Oh , okay . But uh um there's also a button to uh go to the channel you've been before .
B :  Six seven eight or five .
A :  Just very simple .
C :  Like a web browser back button .
B :  Um I dunno . I don't have Uh I did
A :  Uh Yeah , I know what it is , but I think it's all too difficult for old people .
D :  No . Uh
B :  Yeah , I don't think you use that . Y only when you want to go to
C :  Yeah , okay .
B :  Yeah , just use uh when you wanna switch between channels all the time .
A :  And how do you want to uh do it , like if you have a channel above ten ? Normally you can press one , zero or
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , I think um f Especially for older peo elderly people use standard buttons . So you have that uh
A :  A ten plus or
B :  Yeah , the ten plus button . Just uh one one pressing , or quickly after each other .
A :  Okay .
B :  To just keep it simple and standard uh features .
C :  Yeah , w wouldn't it be a problem to uh Because you h have to be fast enough . Maybe the elderly people
B :  Uh yeah mayb But I think that's in the T_V_ as well . That's how the uh the T_V_ T_V_ handles it . But you can have a button that says um
D :  It gets some seconds .
B :  two two st two stripes . So you have uh like a five seconds period to press those two buttons .
C :  Oh okay . Yeah .
D :  Yeah , it's it's no it's not a
C :  Yeah , but that's th mm
D :  It's what Paul says . It's not a remote control uh uh that um uh makes the T_V_ um do one two . It's the T_V_ who depends that it must be two seconds or three seconds or one second that you must uh type one or two .
C :  Okay .
B :  So if you have a universal T_V_ controller , you needed one button that has two uh stripes . So we have a a period of , I dunno , five seconds to press those buttons , and that And not for elderly people to look , one two uh press and aim and
C :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
A :  But do we still need a two level remote control ? Because if we only have that l only f No .
D :  It's only for television now .
B :  So I I don't think so . Uh I just thought of another one . Most things in modern T_V_s are also on the menu . So you also need a menu button . And then uh navigation uh
D :  No .
A :  Yeah .
B :  But we can integrate that with volume and previous and next , so you have
C :  Yeah .
C :  I I think you ha really have to divide between functions you often use , like um uh m maybe uh switch channels and uh volume and k that kind of things , and uh the menu button . Because you n almost never use menu button . So
B :  four arrows .
B :  Yeah , okay , but um
A :  Maybe it's still still a good idea , I'm not sure . You'll also have to use a mute button to to
B :  Yeah , a mute button . Yes . Don't think so .
A :  Maybe , not I don't know where where you have to put it .
B :  Yeah well , that's that's I think that's the layers that produce . Now I have to figure out what's uh what to put on . What we're gonna use . And later we can d uh do the design .
A :  Okay . Yeah . Yeah . That's right .
C :  Okay .
B :  Okay , uh now my personal preferences . Uh using the standards , basic
B :  Um I think that we should stand out uh unique , being unique with the design .
B :  So we have to , I dunno , uh make a different shape than usual . So when you are in the shop and you see our T_V_ controller hanging , that it stands out . Not just in in the row when you see
B :  all the same uh remote controls .
A :  Yeah . Does it have to be Uh it has to be uh with different colours or
B :  Um
B :  I dunno . Different colours um
D :  Maybe we can give it out in different colours . You can choose blue or yellow or
A :  It's like a iMac or something . Just to make it
C :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Yeah . Well why not ? Or Yeah .
D :  That's fa That's fancy . That's uh fashion .
A :  But it looks cheap as well , because it's a small thing . It's only twenty five Euros . It looks very cheap if you make it
B :  Well , maybe you can look at uh mobile phones . Oh .
A :  Oh , you just I dunno what happened .
B :  Who ?
A :  Yeah , we have to look at mobile phones , that's right . Just
B :  They they're uh designed very well . And well basically are the same , just a bit smaller . You think you can't make a T_V_ controller too small , 'cause then you will always lo always lose it .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
B :  But uh well , I think that's a good example .
D :  Okay .
A :  Okay , we hurry up a bit , because otherwise we won't make it . Is it fin Are you finished ? Okay .
B :  Okay , sorry . Well uh Yeah , I I'm finished . I think we discussed everything .
C :  Okay .
C :  Well , the working design .
C :  The method I used is uh search the web . Just the web page provided .
C :  Um
C :  Basically I'm I'm not very technical uh uh educated , but uh I could figure it out . Um basically what happens is you press a button , uh then a circuit gets closed by pressing the button , uh like a switch .
C :  And by closing that certain circuit , the chip knows uh what bu button is pressed . So like you press a one , that circuit is closed and uh Then the chip produces a pattern .
C :  Like a Morse code to uh And and sends that to the uh L_E_D_ . That's the uh light emitting diode , I think . Um and the light emitting diode is uh producing infrared light . That's un uh invisible
C :  to the human eye . And uh transmit that uh to the T_V_ .
C :  However it has also an uh a visible uh diode that's uh blinking red if you look in it . And that's uh another diode , I believe . Because infrared is not visible . So that's er uh do two different things but
D :  Mm-hmm .
A :  So we we also have to have a LED li LED light on it ?
C :  Yeah . I I think so . I I'm not sure if it's the same thing .
B :  Uh j Is Ain't it just to to indicate that it's transmitting ?
A :  Yeah , it's I think it's usable .
D :  Yeah , that's active .
A :  Yeah . Or just a green one , because it's If you use it , it's green or the red , it's r green .
C :  Yeah .
B :  So
B :  Yeah . Maybe uh
D :  I I think it's in the case that it's active . It's not uh
C :  Yeah , when you press it . So
A :  Yeah , that's right . But if you
D :  I it's it's just uh the the
C :  Two ?
A :  Red's l shows up like something's wrong , and green is like it's okay , you press the button .
D :  Mm .
C :  Yeah , I dunno . Ma on on most on most uh uh remote controls it's red . So
B :  Maybe depends on uh
A :  Yeah , I know . Okay , we make it red .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yes .
C :  So I know .
B :  But maybe Well we don't have to make it red . Maybe integrate it in the design as well .
A :  You have to The whole the whole uh remote control becomes uh green if you press the buttons . Uh that's cool .
C :  I I think uh the batteries will be uh a little Yeah , okay . Uh maybe .
B :  Uh Oh , maybe it's it is would an e No . Just uh
D :  Empty .
A :  No , we have a recharger in it , so
B :  Oh .
A :  If we can still make that then
B :  Yeah , but it doesn't have to be red . It's just to indicate something's on .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah . That it's working . That it's not not the batteries are low .
B :  Yeah . It's it's not very important , so yeah .
A :  But it's cool if it was green . Green or red or whatever , it is cool .
C :  Yeah , I know . Just to indicate it's working .
B :  So mm
C :  And uh the receptor in the T_V_ senses the pattern . So we have to understand what patterns are used to , you know , to make it universal . So that it can be used with all the T_V_s . We have to really understand what patterns are used , so we can uh o On the Otherwise it won't work .
B :  So we have to uh make buttons for that as well , to make it uh
C :  No . I I uh The chip um uh is producing the pattern . So we have to make a chip that produces patterns to , y you know , to Yeah . That are working .
B :  Okay .
D :  An automatically search function for each television , or something .
C :  Yeah , or I dunno how it's uh exactly how it works . It wasn't explained there .
D :  Uh I kno
B :  Well , I I use a universal uh remote control , and list of all the T_V_s you have , etcetera . And you have to put in a number , so it works on your T_V_ .
C :  Yeah ?
C :  Okay .
D :  Oh , I have a modern one . And the modern one you you uh you type uh search , and the LED began to blink blink blink . And uh uh uh after uh a short time the television turns off . And then you know , oh it it's the right one . And you can stop it , and then it's okay .
C :  Ah okay .
D :  So you don't have to search for your television or your code . It uh search uh the pattern for itself .
C :  Okay .
B :  Okay , so we use that .
C :  Okay , yeah . So it uh We have to make a a s a bit more intelligent chip than the standard one . Because you have to Yeah .
D :  Yes .
B :  Yep .
A :  I just say Can you s just say it again , because I was just looking There's just a short
C :  Uh okay . Well uh y you have this chip . That's uh when the circuit is closed , it produces the pattern . But uh ma basically for uh brands of T_V_ these patterns are different .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Mm-hmm .
C :  So like when you press a one on one T_V_ it go go to one . And on the other T_V_ it won't work , basically .
C :  So uh basically what you have to do is uh get these patterns right . And uh by d uh that can be done by uh just uh cha yeah , changing this pattern all the time . And um
A :  Yeah .
D :  Changing the signal .
C :  What he's doing when he's configuring this pattern , this chip , uh is trying to switch off the television . And when it's uh switched off , you can push a button as uh it's working now , so And then he saves that setting and then um it's working .
A :  Okay . Yeah .
D :  Yeah , that's the right uh option .
C :  Okay .
C :  Well uh the components . Yeah , that's a bit technical , and I hadn't I w I was a little short on time .
C :  Um but I think I understand it . Um the energy source is uh the battery , basically . Um that's connecting to all the components .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Because it has to be fed with energy . Okay . Uh the subcomponent is uh w
C :  I I think it is uh the button pressed . So basically when you press a button , a switch get closed .
C :  Um that's connecting to a chip . So the chip knows what button you pressed .
C :  And the chip sends out uh the pattern to the infrared bulb . I didn didn't put the description by this one . Th this is a normal bulb . So the normal flashing light .
A :  Okay . So that's the LED , L_E_D_ .
C :  Yeah . Yeah , and this is a LED too . But this one is producing infrared light that's invisible . And this one is producing normal light .
A :  Yeah , okay .
A :  So we can make the normal one also a normal light . Not a LED light , but as a normal one .
C :  Yeah
A :  To flash up your
D :  Uh if you if you use the buttons , uh both of them works . But one you can't see and one indicates that you use a button .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , presu Yeah yeah yeah . Because uh when you button press a button and it doesn't work , it can Basically if the battery is low , it won't work . So you have to indicate that it's
D :  Yeah . Yeah , and
A :  Maybe you have to uh put uh a small light around the button you push . So you see green if you push that button .
C :  Huh , that's a good idea .
D :  Mm I think it's unnecessary power uh you use then .
A :  Yeah , but if you u if you do that , you know that you're uh sending a signal . And it's you also know which button you p
B :  No , y Yeah .
D :  Okay . But then have to be on the in the all uh remote control have to be LEDs .
A :  Yeah , that's right . But it
D :  Everywhere in the r
A :  But does it make any difference for the energy you use ? You got still one LED .
B :  No I don't think so , but Yeah , i it it will look different , and I think we need to find something else . Yeah .
A :  That looks different , yeah .
C :  Hmm .
B :  'Cause otherwise we will just make another standard , and our uh motto also is
D :  Is LEDs uh beneath the the buttons ?
B :  Yeah , w around the buttons , or in the buttons even .
D :  Yeah , okay .
C :  Yeah , but mm like when you push it n n Yeah . You have your finger over the button . So you can see Yeah . Or or m maybe on top of the A green light is flashing or
B :  Yeah , then then won't Then you won't see it .
D :  It must be around it then .
D :  Yeah , then Yeah . Not not not not here , but here .
C :  Yeah . There . Yeah .
D :  Maybe uh
A :  The same as a telephone , or a mobile phone , or what do you mean ? If you push
B :  Yeah , we're thinking about it . Uh on a mobile phone , in the dark uh
A :  It lights up . Everything lights up . That's a good idea .
B :  everything lights up . Why ain't that on a remote control ?
C :  Yeah .
A :  It it only takes a l a little energy and it's not that much .
B :  Yeah , if uh a mobile phone a phone can do it , it's
D :  Okay .
C :  Yeah .
A :  It's f Yeah . Maybe that's a good idea for old people as well .
B :  Yeah , i if you're in the dark , you can't see the remote .
C :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Yeah .
A :  It's only few LEDs . Only four or something . Four LED .
B :  No , I dunno . But if we use a battery station , which I think we will use
D :  Yeah , I uh
A :  Yeah , that's a good idea , okay .
C :  Yeah . We'll have enough power to
A :  Everything agre Everyone agrees with that , or Okay .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yep .
D :  Maybe what Paul said , uh under the on the on the home station , uh a button to uh to call your uh remote control , that it beeps .
A :  Yeah , and then you
A :  Okay , yeah .
B :  And also it's
A :  But you have to make a sound device in it then .
D :  Yeah , there must be sound in it .
C :  Hmm .
A :  But Yeah .
D :  I dunno .
B :  Okay , it shouldn't take much
C :  Yeah . B maybe it's that that's a little too hard to make .
C :  Especially for that kind of money . Because it's i it has to be Yeah . Production cost is uh t uh twelve and a half .
D :  Mm uh , twenty five Euros , I think we can make it . Bec
B :  Uh I th
D :  Twelve and a half , okay . But but we only have to make it for television , and um we must have something special . So
C :  Yeah , okay .
B :  I think uh you also have uh remote controls with a lot of options . But we lose about ninety percent of those options . So I think you can uh
D :  Uh .
D :  We have to give our customers some extras .
B :  Yeah . I think we will save money with that .
C :  Yeah , okay .
A :  Okay . Are you almost finished or just
C :  Yeah , the the personal preference , I didn't fill it out . Because I was short on time . But um
A :  Okay . Okay . No worry .
C :  Basically what we could do too is uh have a Bluetooth uh integration .
A :  Yeah , I just want to talk some about some more . So maybe you have to Yeah ? Okay .
C :  Yeah ? Okay .
A :  So this Oh , sorry . Wh what's that ?
A :  So uh Oh , sorry . We have some new uh project requirements . We have to have a look what they are . They're still in um
A :  Uh teletext has become outdated since the popularity of internet . So a teletext option , maybe we have to skip that one . I'm not sure . I don't think so , but
C :  No , and I I think a lot of people use uh teletext , still use .
D :  No .
A :  Yeah , and it's it's on your comp it's on your television . It's only one button . So I don't think it is We definitely should use it . Um
D :  Uh .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Hmm .
A :  Yeah , that's uh what I told you . The remote control should only be used for a television . So that's maybe easier .
A :  And um the the forty plus people , I already told you .
A :  Oh no , sorry . Oh , this is a problem . Oh sorry about that . The new product should reach a new market with customers are the younger than forty . So it should be flashy or just more interesting . I'm sorry about that . I just I just didn't read it well .
D :  Okay .
C :  Oh . Mm .
B :  Okay , that's It changes things .
A :  So does it make some decision about that ?
D :  Changes .
C :  Yeah . That kinda changes the whole situation .
B :  Um
D :  Uh
B :  Well yeah , then we have to make some nice features . I think uh the thing in the dark is a good way , to make it more like a mobile phone . More modern .
A :  That still stays .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
B :  That's important I think and
D :  L_C_D_ doesn't work for uh twelve and a half Euros I think .
B :  And I d I don't don't think it's very usable in a remote control , especially when you only have T_V_ functions on it .
D :  Oh .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Mm ah I I don't y you'll use it often , because you can see on the television wh what channel you
B :  So
D :  Oh , I'm watching uh the channel one . Okay . No , it's not
B :  Yeah , I tho I think that's not usable . So , but uh Yeah . What other features can we put in ?
C :  No .
C :  Yeah . I think you you have to make it a bit flashy and and popular . And uh then the usability is not that required , because the Like in the mobile phones , usability is not that good I think .
D :  But uh some of you had uh something to read about um uh speech uh recognition . About you said one and the television turns on one . Is that reachable maybe ? That's very That's fancy . That's cool . Twelve and you've got twelve .
C :  I didn't read
B :  It's very fashion .
C :  I didn't read any b Yeah . Yeah okay .
D :  Only the numbers , only numbers . Uh furthermore nothing . But only the numbers , one to twenty or something . That should be cool .
B :  Mm .
C :  I I know .
C :  Mm .
A :  Yeah , maybe we have to integrate that as well .
A :  If it's possible . But
D :  If it's possible , I dunno . I didn't read it .
C :  Yeah , I don't know .
A :  I don't think it's very expensive actually . Why should it ? You only have a microphone in it .
B :  Mm .
D :  Uh if i if i I didn't have information about that .
B :  Yeah , I think it's
C :  Yeah . But it has to work . And and and does it have to work only in English , or in Dutch too or
A :  Nah , maybe
D :  Ah that's a problem , but
C :  And and uh w Yeah ?
D :  Uh only in English . Only in English I think .
B :  What But uh I dunno how that works then . Uh does your uh Does it lie in the centre of the room and can you scream from wherever
C :  Yeah , it's probably my job to figure that out , but
D :  No , that
B :  uh one to have in channel one ?
D :  Yeah , then th we have to think about that . But do do we do it ? It's more if we if we do it .
B :  Yeah , I dunno . So , is it very usable ? That's what I'm looking at .
C :  And and do you have to speak in in like in a thing or
D :  Yeah .
B :  Is
A :  Maybe maybe it's too hard to uh to realise that . It We have short time to to put it on the market , so that
C :  Yeah , I dunno .
D :  Okay .
A :  We have to do a lot of testing before we can do that .
B :  Mm Yeah well
C :  Yeah , I think so .
D :  Yeah , and uh and uh
A :  We make uh make uh , we can make th th the new remote control very flashy .
B :  It's
D :  In uh indeed uh the languages are a difficult thing . Uh because we we have a lot of languages .
A :  Yeah .
B :  I d Yeah . I don't think it's uh useful enough to take the effort to design something with uh speech recognition .
C :  And and
A :  Yeah . I think so .
C :  Yeah , and also if if you have a good speech uh speech recognition , you can just throw the uh
D :  Yeah .
D :  A uh someone says that uh give me one Coke , and the T_V_ turns uh to one . Yeah , it's not uh
C :  the remote away .
C :  Mm . Hmm . Mm . Yeah , okay .
B :  Yeah . Well yeah , that's the right command . And then you have to say uh T_V_ channel one , or something . Not just one , but
C :  But
C :  Hmm yeah ,
C :  T_V_ one .
D :  Okay , but th that becomes your f Uh uh because that's very hard for uh speech recognition .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Well I dunno . But I don't think , it just ain't useful enough .
D :  Mm-hmm .
A :  So we have to make some decisions . So you can see on the uh So we have to know what we're going to put on . Do we , do we make uh a light under the under the n under the numbers and everything ? Do If you press something , it lights up for a few seconds , so you can see what other but buttons there are , okay ?
D :  Okay , no speech recognition .
B :  Yeah , I think so .
C :  Yeah , that's good .
B :  Yep .
A :  Okay , we just take that one . And what else , we have
B :  Also the one in the dark . So uh
B :  It lights up when it's dark ? I didn't
A :  Yeah , but it's Oh th I thought would , that that would be the same . If you push something , it it all lights up .
B :  Okay .
D :  Yeah . Yeah yeah , it it mustn't work all the time . It uh uh it have to work only when you use it . So if you No , if you use one button , it must turn uh on for twenty seconds , and then it must turn off .
B :  Yeah , but um
B :  Yes , that's what I mean .
A :  Or you can switch it on or something .
B :  Or maybe when you yeah .
B :  It lights up all .
A :  Yeah , that's right . You have to Yeah , that's right . That's what I said . It's the same as the telephone . Yeah .
B :  Okay yeah . D Yeah , alright . Yeah .
A :  And do we use a a Uh what's it called ? Like a iMac , if you can look through it . Or just a normal remote control .
C :  Mm , maybe it's a good idea .
B :  Maybe just as an option , w like we discussed , like iPod . Different colours , uh maybe use even different fonts .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Oh yeah .
B :  Like uh phones .
A :  Different colours . Okay , so y you just make it th through You look through it ? Okay .
C :  Hmm .
D :  A see-through . Mm , that's cool .
B :  Yeah . Uh as an option maybe .
A :  And so the buttons we have , this is , yeah , this is normal . We put in the the simple buttons on the top , and probably the the the more complicated buttons down there .
B :  It's the standard
B :  Yeah , uh
D :  But you have You had a lot of different buttons .
B :  Yeah , we but we don't We don't really have any complicated buttons .
C :  Hmm .
A :  Yeah , maybe you have you have to Uh when you use teletec teletext , you can press a green or a red button to go to the next one , or to go to the previous one .
B :  Yeah okay , but
B :  Yeah , well w I think the buttons are very easy . With just uh standard buttons we just have so little
A :  O but maybe you can put um the g the options of teletext on the second level of the remote control . Because you ne almost never use it .
B :  No , I don't need don't need Uh teletext options are only four buttons or something .
C :  Yeah , but younger people I think um more often use the internet and elderly people often use teletext . So uh
A :  Yeah , that's right .
B :  I use teletext as well .
D :  No , I use te teletext every day , I think .
C :  Hmm . Okay .
A :  Yeah . For me too , it is . So we just keep it one level then ? Okay .
B :  Yeah yeah , one level . And I think , uh 'cause um we don't have that many buttons , I think the design is most important . You can d uh integrate the buttons in the design very much .
D :  Mm .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
B :  'Cause simple buttons . If you put one above it , it's clear .
A :  Okay .
A :  Okay .
A :  So that's it for toda for We're going to have a lunch lunch break . Um
B :  How long is lunch break ?
A :  So yeah , you know what you have to do . This is uh this is it .
A :  You get your meal and everything , so
D :  Trendwatching . Okay . That's fine .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Yo .
A :  So , we're finished for t for this time . We're going to have some lunch .
B :  Okay .
B :  Bye .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Mm . Uh .
D : 
B :  It's It won't wake up .
D :  Bonjour .
B :  Yeah . I was a bit early . Like
B :  What ? No , I just came in . Uh normally I was one of them .
D :  Why ?
D :  Okay .
B :  Come on .
D :  Check check check check .
A :  Hello . Oop .
B :  Why won't it wake up ?
B :  Is it on ?
D :  The power light doesn't work . You turned it off .
B :  But how ?
B :  Ah , there it is .
C :  Okay .
A :  Okay .
B :  Uh .
C :  I received an email with uh a few possibilities on uh the materials . So I'll discuss them with you . Yeah .
A :  Okay , we're just going to the later .
D :  Okay .
B :  Yeah , I received an email as well .
A :  So we're going to talk about the conceptual model .
D :  Oh .
D :  Hmm .
B :  Which one was mine ?
A :  So that's me . Uh okay . So Uh okay .
A :  Okay , so I just show you the m the no mm mm the the the the the the minutes , minute . What's it called , I dunno . Whatever .
B :  The minutes .
A :  Okay , so we just talked about uh Oh you want me to show that there or
D :  Uh
B :  No , just tell us .
C :  Mm no .
A :  Okay , we just talked about it looks . Has to look nice . Usability is very important . People don't want to spend money on something that's similar to cheaper ones . Um
A :  It has to be very basic , not too many buttons .
A :  Light switches on if you use a button . Uh text T_V_ still has to be a possibility .
A :  And it has to be easy to learn .
A :  That were the things I uh make minutes of . And the functions are volume , channel to choose channels , an on-off , a mute uh button , and a text T_V_ button . That are the functions . That right ?
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yes .
A :  Okay . So I just want to give you uh Mike again , the first uh
A :  presentation of your
D :  Shall I start ?
A :  Yeah .
D :  No .
D :  Okay well
D :  I received an email
D :  Okay .
D :  I searched the web , uh and uh I searched uh on this d document , recent investigation of the remote control market . It has been done in Italy uh Italy and in
D :  uh another country in Europe , I forget it . Uh but uh they found out the most important aspect for remote controls happens to be a fancy look-and-feel , instead of the current functional look and feel . So it's very important for us to create something new . So what Michael just said , it must be uh some very different from ordinary uh remote controls .
D :  Fancy stands for an original look-and-feel of the case and interface .
D :  Uh this uh aspect is the most important one . Uh it came out of the research . It uh is twice important as the following . The second uh most important aspect is that a remote control should it uh technological innovative .
D :  Uh that stands for uh uh new technical uh features . And then uh that uh This is a point of discussion , because we just decided that we don't make use of uh L_C_D_ or uh speech recognition .
B :  Hmm .
D :  But um this is the second uh important uh aspect , and I think uh we must use some of the new technology , to be uh innovative .
A :  But we already have the flashing flashing light on the
D :  Uh maybe maybe something new . We have to discuss about it s uh Okay , uh features not uh do not exist in current remote controls . And that's very hard I think .
B :  Yeah , more .
C :  Hmm .
B :  Well , I'll I'll get back on it .
A :  Okay .
D :  Uh the third one is the aspect of the remote control should be easy to use . But uh that was an overall uh point . We already discussed that . Um I've got one picture . Uh d our our target group uh we thought about was young and trendy .
A :  Yeah .
D :  So I took uh that part of the webpage . And it says uh fashion-watchers of uh uh Pari uh France and uh Italy , yeah , uh have detected the following trends .
D :  This trends I th uh trend I think it's not um that meaningful for us , maybe . But it's about uh clothes and shoes . But the uh the next uh aspect also in contrast to last year , the feel of material is expe uh uh is expected to be spongy . But spongy , what what does spongy says ? Spongy .
A :  Hmm .
B :  Spongy .
C :  Spongy .
B :  Spongy , like sponge .
D :  Okay .
C :  So rubber , kind of .
B :  Uh soft materials .
C :  Yeah .
A :  But maybe th that's al definitely a good idea , because you've you're you drop y your remote control very often on the ground . So it has to be flexible .
B :  Yeah , but Yeah .
D :  Yeah . Yeah , it's something that uh it stand there . But I didn't knew uh knew what it means . So spongy means y Yeah .
C :  It's like a sponge .
B :  Soft , sponge .
D :  So it's also a stress-ball .
A :  That's a good That's a good idea . If it's de like that . That's good , a good idea . Is it a bit like like the the the the remote control ?
C :  Yeah , somewhat like
B :  Yeah , but Yeah . How are you gonna make it ?
A :  R_ soft .
D :  Uh
C :  Yeah , I've some uh material uh information , but I'll give you it later in my presentation .
A :  Okay .
D :  Okay ?
D :  What do I think ? Uh because a fancy look is the most important thing uh for remote control uh control , I think about changeable fronts .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Uh maybe a see-through one in a a fruit front . Because it's uh it's hot . And uh some basic uh colour fronts .
D :  Uh so we can make uh five different fronts to start with or something . Uh maybe an extraordinary shape , like a sponge . Uh or uh , yeah , just another shape than a normal uh remote control ha uh has . Just uh something round in it , or uh maybe not uh not uh Yeah , I dun dunno . We have to discuss about that .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Uh y yeah . Main point uh still uh is the technolo technological innovative . Yeah , how do we do that ? Maybe speech ? We ma must have some kind of gadget .
B :  Yeah , I'll get back on that .
D :  So
C :  Hmm .
A :  It's very uh difficult to to to do it . Because it's only twelve and a half Euros you have to spend on every remote control .
D :  Intro Yeah .
D :  Yeah , that's the problem . That's the main problem .
B :  Well , I got f also an email from
D :  So
B :  the the technology department .
D :  Maybe we watch the first uh the next two presentations .
B :  They have done uh research about it , and uh even more possibilities now with speech . So they recommended using it . Well
A :  Okay .
D :  Okay . Uh let's first watch Paul's presentation first then .
C :  Hmm .
B :  I'll check what they exact mean .
B :  So uh
C :  Yeah , well actually we have don't have an idea how much it's gonna cost . But maybe it's cheap and it's easy to implement .
B :  Yeah , th that's the only problem . I d They don't say how much it will cost , so Um but uh if we implement uh speech recognition , I think it would be better to implement L_C_D_ as well .
D :  Oh . It's mass production . So you can say , you can
B :  Since you have to uh configure speech thing .
A :  But that's definitely more expensive than
B :  Yeah , that's that's something I dunno .
D :  Yeah . But how uh we we're gonna make many of those . So we can start a mass production , and then the cost will still will be .
A :  Yeah , but a telephone Okay , yeah . But a telephone also have a L_C_D_ and and it's about t two hundred Euros . So uh
B :  Yeah , so uh we gotta de
B :  We have to decide on that .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Okay .
D :  That was this ?
B :  Mm uh
C :  Oh I got an email uh
C :  And it says uh the chip can be uh simple , regular or advanced . And
C :  Um
C :  They say uh a display requires an advanced chip . And this is more expensive than all the other chips . So it's m the most expensive .
B :  L_D_C_ doesn't require
C :  Yeah , it says in the email . The display requires an advanced chip .
B :  Okay . And speech recognition ?
C :  Yeah , probably too . I I haven't got anything about speech recognition , but
B :  Advanced . Yeah .
B :  I'll I'll give you my design .
C :  Well it d That's that's the most expensive chip , we need . If we're doing uh if we're doing a display .
B :  Yeah okay . So we Well we can
B :  I had uh
B :  to make a sort of a design . So I did some searching on the internet . I watched the old remote controls and news com remote como uh remote controls .
B :  I think we should um This is one of the modern remote controls of the moment . I think we should go more to the iPod and M_P_ three players . Mobile phones . More modern . Y yes .
A :  Yeah , just modern modern but still uh basic .
B :  Um you probably have to make it a bit bigger and a bit smaller . 'Cause remote con control , you can see it here , you have to bo reach both out both sides . And here you just have one , few buttons . So that's that's the main difference . But looks uh I definitely think we should go like this .
B :  And then changeable fonts , so
C :  Hmm .
B :  It's the most important part , I think . But And the home base is something like that , something simple .
B :  Well and then I just ordered the the buttons a bit . Uh basic buttons . On-off , mute . And th maybe two others , I dunno . Text buttons .
A :  Yeah , maybe the teletext tel
B :  Yeah , text button , maybe there and there . And then the colour buttons , if we want it on . I don't find it very usable , but it's Uh I don't think it's fits in the the modern theme as well .
D :  No , I don't uh I don't like it .
A :  No .
B :  So and then yeah we saw the the pla display , in the the iPod . They can put the basic buttons , one , two , three , four . And uh f above ten . And I think
C :  Hmm .
C :  But it That's on on the display .
B :  No no . That th there is no display there . But it's on the place of the display . And I think we should uh light this up
B :  much more than that part . So the focus is on these two parts .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
B :  So you don't see all the buttons you else need .
A :  But it sounds very difficult to use . Because um the volume and channel is on the on the the bottom of it . So you can't use your thumb for it .
B :  Uh well um
B :  This is how it is now . Um
B :  Here uh Well we have volume .
C :  I think it is on uh on the bottom too .
A :  Yeah , down there .
A :  But it's not not the best best .
B :  Yeah . Well here we have also side scrolls .
B :  I dunno if we can use that . Do we want to use
C :  Yeah , okay . Yeah , I've I've got something of that uh too .
A :  Yeah , for volume . For volume , or a channel . Yeah , why not .
B :  For volume ? Well then we can even simplify it more .
C :  Scroll .
B :  By just putting the volume on the side . And and just channel buttons here .
A :  And the channels as well .
A :  Oh yeah .
C :  Yeah , or uh maybe uh The channel buttons are often used . And you can't use them now with your thumb , because the thing is not , it's not easy to control .
B :  But I think uh
B :  Well . Yeah , well it's
B :  Basically it's it's here .
C :  Yeah okay , m maybe we cho should put that on top , and buttons we we don't use on , in the bottom .
A :  Yeah , that's better .
B :  They're on top ?
A :  Yeah , just th th th other buttons like text T_V_ . Put that on the button bottom .
C :  Because uh you can't hold it . You can't hold it th the control and push the buttons .
B :  You mean uh these to the low ?
A :  Mm-hmm . Yeah .
A :  Except from the on-off button .
B :  Oh okay . Well , yeah .
C :  But I I think w you'll use uh the switch channels buttons uh more often than the normal uh channel buttons , like one two three .
C :  So maybe we can put that on the bottom .
B :  Mm
B :  Maybe . I dunno , but yeah we'll
C :  Like zapping is just switching one channel at a time .
B :  Yeah , maybe it's not easy if it's below . It's harder to zap . So I think uh it should be
B :  should be easy to .
B :  I think it's pretty standard , these rubber buttons on the top .
C :  Yeah okay . That's that's good , but
B :  And uh if you don't light 'em up , they don't uh you don't see 'em very good . I think it's modern to light this area up , and to light this area up . So the focus gets on these parts and not on there .
C :  Yeah okay .
B :  But uh the position of course can be different . It's s We have to look uh what's easy to use , and how it's easier to use .
C :  Yeah .
B :  So we can uh switch these to I dunno if it l will look good , if you put those on t on the bottom half .
C :  Hmm .
C :  No , I think th the the top buttons are okay . They sh Those should be on top . But uh we we can switch those two , yeah .
B :  Okay . Yeah , maybe Those two , yeah . And uh , yeah , you have to make sure it's easy to uh Yes , it has to be big enough so you can hold it , right .
D :  Okay .
B :  Well that's that's my findings . So uh my personal opinion is that we should go more modern look . M_P_ three player . And uh well um if we want to put in speech rec recognition or something , we I don't think we should put it on top then . I think that , if we're gonna put in more technology , that you need to be able to uh switch it open .
A :  Yeah . Yeah , that's cool .
B :  To use
C :  Yeah .
B :  So if you put in uh speech recognition , you need so more uh many more buttons . Which won't look good on the front side I think .
A :  Okay .
C :  No .
B :  So that's something we have to decide on .
C :  Yeah , we have to keep it simple .
B :  Yeah .
A :  We have to decide this this lecture , or this this this uh fifty minutes , yeah , how it is gonna look .
B :  What we're gonna do . Okay .
C :  Okay , the component design .
C :  I looked at uh some similar devices , and uh my own common knowledge .
C :  So uh this was on the web site . If you aim at a young public , you should use materials that are soft with primary colours like green , blue , red . So
C :  flashy kinda colours . Uh shapes should be curved , so round shapes . Not Nothing square-like .
A :  Okay , so Hmm , okay .
B :  Yeah well uh iPod is trendy . And it is well curved square .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Square . Like .
C :  Yeah , but mm is uh has round corners I think . So we shouldn't have too square corners and that kind of thing .
B :  Okay . So not
B :  Yeah okay . Not uh the old uh box look .
C :  Yeah .
C :  And um sports and gaming device style characteristics .
C :  I don't know exactly what that means , but it should be , well yeah , popular kind of
D :  Mm .
A :  Yeah , we have to put our Real Reaction logo as well on the on the remote control . So the colours also . So we have ha to ma make it in black , black , yellow .
C :  looking , I think .
C :  Okay .
B :  Mm Yeah , it's
C :  Yeah .
B :  Black yellow control .
A :  Maybe the sides in yellow and the the the top in black .
C :  Yeah , mm n
C :  Not that weird , because we definitely want to make it kind of flashy , to attract a young public .
B :  Yeah , but uh I don't think the the colours black and yellow go well together . But
A :  We make i Maybe you can put yellow on the side and black on the on the front .
C :  No , okay . That's a that's a sen
C :  That's just a matter of tastes , but
B :  Yeah , okay .
C :  We have to use uh kind of flashy colours , I think .
B :  Uh can't we use um different uh fron uh fronts , with all with the the logo on it ? Can we do that ? So
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , it's cool . Yep . And still trans
C :  Like fronts in in red and yellow and blue and
B :  Yes . So
D :  Oh yeah .
A :  Still still transparent .
C :  Okay .
B :  Yeah . But with all with logo on it .
A :  Okay .
C :  Well this is a remote control , a very old one .
C :  Um Then the components . The case has just a Here's black . But we are making it uh
A :  Yeah , we make it som Maybe we have to make it from soft material . Uh I'm not sure .
C :  Yeah , I dunno .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Maybe .
C :  But anyways uh it should be transparent . We decided that , huh ? S
B :  Well one of the options . You can Just like a mobile phone , you can make um different fronts on it . So you can just replace them I think .
C :  Okay .
C :  Yeah , we could do that .
B :  That was the idea , or just uh release one .
A :  Yeah . Just give five with them , just in a box . Five different
B :  Yeah , uh Or just uh sell different ones .
C :  Yeah , but y you could you could make 'em uh uh like blue and transparent . So you can still th look through it .
A :  Yeah . Cool .
B :  Yeah . Yeah .
C :  Um the buttons . Normal rubber I think . Like normal ordinary buttons . Soft .
B :  Yeah , I uh I dunno . A more
A :  Yeah . It it could be like a Nokia , like plastic . That's better prob Yeah .
D :  Uh uh
B :  Yeah , just uh
C :  With the hard hard buttons .
B :  I think uh rubber really has an odd look .
D :  Yeah . The the the new uh new modern uh remote controls , uh the buttons are part of the uh the style , I think is part of the remote control itself .
C :  Okay .
A :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
D :  It it's one uh a one uh out of one shape . Uh it's n doesn't Is uh a button uh um How do you say it ? It it didn't it i it don't come out of the on the background . It is in uh the c a remote control uh
C :  Yeah , it's it's all on one level .
C :  Yeah , on one level .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , I know what you mean .
C :  So we have to keep it on the one level . Like th the top it's Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , like mobile phones . Like uh the iPod . Uh just
C :  Yeah , okay .
C :  Okay , it's chos So that should be hard plastic . Then the buttons ?
A :  Yeah , that's cool .
C :  I think . Or maybe
B :  I dunno what uh kind of material it is . But
C :  Yeah .
A :  But maybe you can m make a uh round fluff or soft material . Just only the basic uh
B :  Oops .
A :  basic remote control from normal plastic , and
C :  Yeah .
A :  the rounds of it from softer s
C :  Okay .
B :  Yeah .
C :  And um Then the L_E_D_ . The normal infrared L_E_D_ I think s sufficient . And back light L_E_D_s . So But I think we have to make the case transparent , otherwise the back light won't work . So if you put
A :  I dunno .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Cool .
B :  Uh you can just make them around the buttons uh Yeah .
A :  Yeah . Y i if you The numbers could be can be Yeah , that's right .
C :  Okay .
B :  Or it runs the whole
C :  Yeah , but we can still make it transparent . So Or no
A :  They can choose .
B :  Yeah , you can halfs transparent , or just that it's comes out a bit .
C :  Yeah okay . Good . And in green colour , the back lights or
B :  Different , I think , also .
C :  Yeah ?
A :  Blue .
B :  Blue or red . Whatever you want it , I think . Uh depends on the colour of the
D :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , but you can't choo You can't choose it when you buy it . You have to choose
D :  Uh i
B :  Yeah , that's true . But
C :  No , but I think there are multiple colour LEDs . So
A :  Is it Okay .
D :  Yeah , but can you change it if you already bought the the remote control ? You
C :  I I know I dunno . Is
B :  Yeah , it can . 'Cause this a mo mib uh mobile phone as well .
A :  Yeah , okay .
C :  Maybe it's it's more impor more expensive . I think it's
A :  Maybe put some different ones in it . Doesn't matter . It's just No , just some LED .
B :  I have the mo mi I have a blinking light on my phone . And I can change the colour of it .
A :  Okay , cool . Just make it some different colours . Blue , red and green , or something .
C :  Yeah , I dunno . Maybe it's too expensive , but it I th I don't think so .
B :  Well , we don't put put in any fancier technology yet . So
D :  Hmm .
C :  Then uh some more technical things .
C :  I don't know what it is , but it should be there I think . Um this is the normal circuit board , like a chip board in in a lot of uh things . W So we d we just need this and this transistors and resonators . There's all these kind of things .
A :  Yeah , we have to hurry up a bit , so
C :  Um they they basically said that that's almost the same on any uh remote controls . So I guess we j we just need that . I don't know what they do or
B :  I'm sure we can fit in .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Okay yeah , you can you can change Yeah . No .
B :  Yeah okay . We just
C :  Nah , but they just said we need it . Uh the battery contacts , like normal batteries ca you can put in .
A :  Okay .
A :  Yeah , a recharger maybe .
B :  Yeah , we have to make sure to uh
C :  Yeah okay . Yeah but
A :  We still want to have a recharger , don't we ? Is that still the
B :  Yes . Yes .
C :  Yeah , but it i We don't wanna have a ar an How do you call it ? Accu .
A :  A recha Oh no . Uh Battery . It's just a battery . Yeah .
B :  Re recharger . Base station .
C :  Y uh just just batteries , rechargeable batteries .
B :  Yeah , batteries . Yes , rechargeable batteries , I think's best .
C :  Okay . Not a separate Okay . And uh a chip , that's this one .
A :  No , just rechargeable batteries .
C :  Then uh I received some possibilities . Um for the energy source we can use batteries or a kinetic uh Like with the pulse watch . So it operates on your wrist kinda .
D :  Ah cool .
D :  Okay .
B :  So if you hold it , it gets powered .
A :  But normally you put a remote control on the table or on the couch .
C :  If you hold it .
C :  Yeah , I don't think it will work , and Or we can also use solar cells . But you mostly use it indoors , so
A :  It's dark in the room . No . It's just batteries , that's cheaper .
C :  Yeah , and and we can use the home station kind of thing . Um cases , flat , so uncurved . Uh two D_ curved is um like front to the back . And three D_ curved is also in depth .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Okay .
C :  So that's possible . Uh but with three D_ uh curved uh remote controls , we must use rubber buttons . So we can't use the flat buttons .
B :  Mm . So we need uh two D_ .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , I think .
A :  Definitely .
C :  Um these kinda materials can be used .
A :  But it doesn't really matter , we just make it plastic .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , I think so too .
A :  The scroll wheels , that's cool . That's for the volume .
C :  Yeah , scroll wheels um
B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , that's good . We can use multiple scroll wheels , w if we want to . But I think just the volume is enough .
A :  Yeah .
B :  Uh For channels it's not handy , because you scroll too fast .
A :  Okay .
C :  And uh the L_C_D_ . So we need uh the expensive , most expensive chip , if we use an L_C_D_ .
D :  Mm
A :  I don't think that's an opportunity . Just skip it . Because we don't have time for that to to put it in .
C :  Okay , then we we use m must use the second most expensive chip . So th so the regular chip . Because we use scroll wheels .
A :  Yeah , okay .
B :  Okay .
C :  And um
C :  Yeah , that was it I guess . Uh are are we using a a rubber case , or We haven't decided yet .
A :  Okay .
A :  Oh just sk Maybe you have to skip that one as well . It's
B :  Uh I don't think a rubber case looks
D :  Uh but we have to do something about the trend . The trend is uh spong spongy uh and uh fruit or fresh fresh . And uh now we have nothing about uh about those those two .
C :  L Yeah , i it it should be soft . You said so ?
B :  Yeah , okay . That Uh fruit and veg , or
B :  Yeah , fruit and veg can be just the covers .
D :  Uh yeah i Just Just on front .
B :  So you can the the spongy yeah , I dunno . I can't imagine a soft remote control .
A :  No .
D :  Neith uh I don't like it uh neither .
A :  No .
B :  I just can't imagine it .
C :  So just hard plastic ? Okay .
A :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , I think . Titanium . It's mentioned here uh .
C :  Titanium , uh I think it's too expensive .
A :  But maybe the form has to be a bit different . Not the sh the square form . Just a bit
C :  Yeah , you can make it curved or mm round . But just in two D_ , not in depth .
A :  more rounded . Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , that's right .
B :  Okay .
A :  So
A :  We have to decide which one we're going to choose from these . What exactly . Because we have to know it . So the energy uh is the recharger . We already know that . Just a normal battery . Okay . The chip-on-print is a normal one .
B :  Yeah . We have batteries .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Regular .
A :  Okay , the case is just a plastic one .
C :  Yeah th yeah , the chip is the the regular one . You have the simple one , regular and advanced . So it's b should be regular uh the second .
A :  Yeah , re Yeah , regular . Yeah , okay . Yeah , regular .
A :  Okay .
C :  I think I'll just check it .
A :  And we need a plastic case , with a scroll wheel .
B :  Yes .
A :  That's pretty much it .
C :  Yeah .
B :  User interface concept .
A :  And a flashy light .
A :  So uh I'm not sure . But we do I don't know if we expected to draw on this one at this moment . But
B :  I dunno either .
C :  Mm . Or should we do it in the next meeting ?
B :  Uh I_D_ and U_I_D_ work together on prototype drawing on smart board .
A :  Yeah . That's for the next one . That's for th
C :  So we should did it here ?
B :  So we're staying here ?
C :  Or should we do it in the next meeting ?
A :  Uh that I think that's the next next meeting .
C :  Okay .
A :  But you definitely get a specific instruction .
B :  Okay , so now we're ka thirty minutes alone again ?
C :  Yeah .
A :  But th think about something that's more rounded . Just And more
B :  Yeah , uh I dunno . But the iPod and etcetera , M_P_ three players , mobile phones .
A :  It has to be
A :  Uh a bit . Just just on the top or on the bottom .
B :  Just a bit cur Okay , I'll see if I can see any of those .
A :  Maybe the wheel can be uh like uh like this . O um if you draw it like this , you get a
A :  What the fuck is it ?
A :  Okay . Mm
A :  Doesn't work . You see what I mean ? If I draw here
C :  What ?
A :  It draws about four centimetres lower than Nah okay . Just .
C :  Oh .
C :  Okay .
A :  Maybe you can make it like this .
A :  And this is all the wheel for volume . So that you just um It's all rounded , so you can do uh turn this one . Yeah , but just not on the top , but uh on the side of it .
C :  Like a very big scroll-wheel .
C :  Okay .
A :  Maybe , I dunno .
C :  Hmm .
A :  Okay , so we have this at the moment .
C :  I think uh you'll get a a lot of uh volume changing when it's not wanted .
B :  Yeah , you Yeah .
A :  Okay , so we'd have this . Is that okay ?
C :  Yeah . I think it's probably better . Yeah , but maybe we can make a a plastic , so that you i if you like drop it , it won't change the volume . Only if you use your finger .
B :  Yeah , that's a little problem , of course , as well .
A :  And
B :  Yeah , maybe you just have to make it uh
B :  That's not scrollable too easy .
A :  Like this . And uh what's the channel choose ? Where do we uh put that ?
C :  I think in middle .
A :  Still on the bottom or
B :  Uh wh what is the middle part ?
A :  That's the numbers .
C :  Uh I think th the numbers should be in the bottom , and and the switch channel in the middle .
B :  Numbers , okay .
B :  Yeah , I agree as well .
B :  Use the dz
A :  It doesn't make a difference , if you put the s uh the switch channels on side of each other or on top of each other . Because you already have the volume here , so You can also put it here one butt and the other one there .
A :  Next to each other . back and forth . So you can also can put it all on the top , and this , you keep this empty . Because you have to hold it as well .
B :  Yeah , that's right .
C :  Or you could do the switch channel up button above the the numbers and switch channel down button below .
A :  But that's not want to zap very quick , so
B :  Yeah , I think uh zapping is the highest priority . And then you use those uh
C :  Yeah , okay .
A :  Yeah ?
A :  Is this a opportunity , or you don't want a different
B :  Yeah , of course uh .
C :  Uh but I think we we should bu uh put 'em on top of each other , so
A :  Why ?
C :  Because then it's it's easy to know m if I push the the the up
A :  But still the next It's still the next one . Doesn't make
C :  Yeah , but the top the top button is is like you switch channel up , and down button is If you put them
A :  Yeah , but fo from left to right is exactly the same . It ma it doesn't make a big difference .
B :  Yeah . I I think it's
C :  But uh but I I think uh left to right is more often associated with volume , and top down is more with uh channel changing .
B :  It's it's obvious , I think .
D :  Yeah , that's not not It's not al uh always the same . Every remote control's uh different .
A :  But it's exactly th
C :  In uh On most on most remote controls . So so if we use that , they will probably have a long learning uh time .
B :  Yeah , I think
A :  I dunno . I You already have the volume on the side , so you can't make it you can't ma make a mistake . So it's uh
B :  No , uh I think
B :  Yeah . I think it's s so simple you just
C :  I dunno .
C :  Okay .
A :  So but that's for that's for you , 'cause it's
B :  Yeah , okay I'll d I'll take a look at it .
A :  Okay , so hmm .
A :  What did What else we have to discuss about ? I dunno .
B :  Think we need to work uh thirty minutes again ?
D :  Yeah , we have to care that it r uh looks really new . Because uh we still hold on to the uh ordinary uh
D :  uh square uh remote control . 'Cause wha what I see the only difference i i i in fact is that we use a scroll-wheel on the outside .
A :  Yeah .
A :  And the LED .
B :  No , you have uh It is Uh the current uh controllers are all black and plastic . You have to look at that image of the iPod .
C :  Yeah , but i i it should be round in in shape . So
D :  Yes . Okay .
B :  More that uh kind of style .
D :  And a bit uh
B :  Not not the old grey black
A :  Uh Yeah .
D :  Some some kind of bling bling uh mm can we have
B :  Where you can put a ve Uh we have If we do it like that we have below have we uh a lot of room to put a nice logo .
A :  Yeah . Uh the logo was has to be on there . Yeah , that's right .
D :  Uh and how many uh fronts uh fronts do we put on the market then ? Uh five or something ? Or more or
A :  Yeah , five . Let's give five .
B :  Maybe you can buy separate ones and uh
D :  And um uh uh buy the product . You buy , you get one . And uh basic . Or you can choose one uh if you buy the project .
B :  Yeah . Um I think Yeah .
C :  No , tha that will be
B :  That's your choice , I think huh .
A :  So y you can put the bottom of the remote control in recharger ? Is that is that a good good opportunity ? So you could put it like that , okay .
B :  Yes .
C :  Yeah , so top down . Hmm ?
D :  Yeah , you sl uh you let it slide in the docking station .
C :  Do we have to design that w as well ?
D :  Yeah .
A :  Uh I'm not sure .
C :  The docking station ?
B :  Yeah , I think so .
C :  Hmm .
D :  Yeah , we can b
B :  But th Yeah , that can be very simple .
B :  Least .
D :  It c it could be just just a square , just a packet .
C :  Yeah , just a recharger .
B :  Yeah , just where you're around something .
B :  Li Yeah , we had one example .
C :  But we have to make contacts on the on the remote control and the recharger as well .
B :  Mm . Mm .
D :  Yeah , but that's a round one . Maybe we can choose then .
B :  Which w
B :  Here you see one that's very round .
C :  Oh yeah , okay .
B :  So I think that can be all kind of shapes .
A :  But maybe you can just round up the corners a bit .
A :  That's all . Yeah .
C :  Of the remote control ?
D :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah Yeah .
A :  Just round it up .
B :  Yeah , so y you don't want uh this uh like the iPod . But
A :  No . Yeah . Yeah .
B :  More rounded .
B :  Yeah , I think it will just look like more like this one . Since it's This is also rounded . I think i
A :  No , just just the corners .
B :  Yeah okay , tho those are al already a bit cornered . Mm
A :  Okay .
C :  Yeah , but we can we can do all kinds of uh As long as it isn is in two D_ we can use all kind of round shapes .
A :  Shapes .
B :  Yeah okay , but then we have to think of something totally new .
C :  Not in depth .
C :  Yeah , but Yeah , if if we want to make it
C :  kind of , yeah , new .
B :  I've uh I had a lot of picture of old ones . And all curves have already been done .
A :  It's a bit annoying , isn't it ?
D :  Yeah .
D :  What do we do wrong ? Hmm . Just just more like this and not uh a square . Okay .
B :  Yeah okay , yeah well
C :  Yeah , but we could do a lot of , lot more curving .
C :  I would do it
B :  Yeah . I know we can do a lot more , but
D :  Yeah , it
C :  Like in this kind of shape or
D :  Uh it's very annoying . Okay .
C :  I dunno .
C :  I dunno if it's handy .
B :  I think it will only look more like the old remote controls .
D :  Uh
C :  This ? The olden the olden ones had looked like just a square thing .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah okay . But uh I had a lot of pictures Oh I can show you here
B :  what the old ones look like .
C :  Mm .
B :  Curves , curves .
C :  Yeah .
B :  You've more there as well .
C :  Yeah , okay .
B :  It wasn't very small one .
C :  Yeah .
B :  very simple .
B :  That is for elderly .
A :  So we have to make a decision , what kind of form it's gonna have t going to have .
C :  Yeah , I don't know .
D :  Yeah .
B :  I think if w My opinion . If we just uh take the iPod , and the same look . So uh light or just whatever colour , but the same light colours .
D :  Yeah .
B :  And uh just with uh together with uh the back-lights b look will look very new . No rubber buttons or something . Just together with the back-lights you'll get a totally new look . More like the M_P_ three player M_ um P_ M_ P_ three player .
C :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Yeah .
A :  And you have the scroll button inside . Okay . But why do we have to round it on the t bottom then ? Of Skip that one as well .
B :  Yes . Just a simple scrollb
D :  Yeah .
B :  Doesn't have to be .
A :  Okay . Yeah , it's cool .
C :  Yeah , though that's a trend . If we want to make it . But yeah , I'm not a Trendwatcher , you are . So
D :  Uh the t the trend is
A :  Rubber spongy .
D :  spongy and fruity . But yeah .
C : 
B :  Yeah . No . Spongy and
C :  Spongeball kinda .
D :  It's not not a lot of trends I uh I found uh
A :  Okay , so we have s still one minute left . So just I think it's okay if you just keep it a bit square .
D :  Uh
B :  Mm .
C :  Okay . Yeah , I d I don't know n something about ergonomic kind of fits-in-the-hand uh stuff .
D :  It The th th
A :  No .
D :  Yeah .
A :  But I I think it's still for older people . You j still have older people . It's only annoying if it if it's like that f formed like that , like f Whatever . Just you have a normal
D :  There is one
C :  Yeah , but we're we're aiming at a young public .
D :  There's just one overall important aspect is that we must make it fancy and it looks original , and I hope we can uh make it look not like the iPod itself . It must have uh uh uh a very different
B :  Yeah , idea . But you're If you look at the way remote controls are now
D :  Yeah , they're all the same .
B :  And if you make it look like the iPod
A :  But i it is it is it is already fancy . Because of the lights on the bottom of it . That's already fancy . Uh maybe maybe make the the mm the wha what's it called uh scroll wheel . Make it in in yellow or something . Just like the colours of Real Reaction .
B :  Yeah okay . So that's already a very big change compared to
C :  Hmm .
B :  Ye yeah . Well uh
C :  Yeah , we could do that .
B :  Could .
D :  Uh yeah , but uh if you the f uh front , the scroll wheel will still uh be yellow .
A :  Yeah .
B :  No , I think Oh .
A :  It's right .
B :  Think the scroll wheel won't be very big . Since if you put it uh somewhere , the chances that it will scroll are too big . So it will just be a small
A :  Yeah .
B :  small scroll wheel . So it won't uh stick out much .
A :  Yeah . Maybe the ones we are going to draw there . Maybe we have to ask uh to the the mm to her if it has if it can work better than this . Because it doesn't work properly .
A :  So maybe you have to ask her .
D :  No .
B :  Yeah okay . Well , maybe we can just open images there , and I'll paint and paint .
A :  Okay . Yeah . That's probably
B :  I'll be able to do a better job .
D :  If you set the pen yeah , he will draw here .
D :  Doesn't work .
A :  Okay , so just finish it . So we make it a bit like m that one probably .
D :  Yeah , I'll see it .
A :  Yeah . Is that okay ?
B :  Bu Yeah , I agree more like iPod .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Okay , only the colour and the flashy light and the We just we just skip the the the voca or was it the the speech recognition .
B :  Yes . Just a
B :  Speech . Yeah , do we s keep that ? Yeah , I think
A :  Or keep that ? It's okay . But you'd definitely need a
C :  S Uh yeah , I don't know . Yeah , I think so . And we we have to build in a microphone and
B :  Well uh then it w
A :  advanced chip .
D :  Uh
B :  Well that's very easy . We already have uh the beeping of the home station , so
C :  Yeah , and I do I don't know anything about that . I d I didn't receive any information on speech recognition , so
D :  No .
B :  Uh strange that I received the information about that .
D :  Oh that's hard . But
A :  So
D :  Uh the ma the main points I I I uh just said .
D :  We have to be original and uh technological innovative . Becau Yeah . But
A :  Can we just put it speech recognition in it as well , okay ?
D :  Ma
B :  So shall we it open then ? So we can put all the
A :  Yeah .
A :  The function of that in there . Yeah .
B :  Okay .
A :  And we need a Probably we need a uh advanced chip then .
C :  Fine .
C :  Yeah , we probably do .
A :  But it doesn't say anything about it , does it ?
B :  Yeah .
C :  No .
B :  Oh yeah , I
D :  But we don't have any f information about the cost .
B :  No .
D :  We started with information about the cost was now th
B :  I just I just received the
C :  Yeah , uh I have I have some some information about the cost . But just a about the chip .
B :  Yeah .
D :  And how much is the chip ? The the the
C :  I don't know how much , but
B :  Yeah , our division has developed a new speech recognition feature , the integrated programmable sample sensor simple speaker u unit . This is a very small electronic unit , will give a standard answer after it recognise a question .
C :  Just in inexpensive or
D :  And how how does it work ? Is it
B :  Doesn't say . Just You say record , followed by your question sample , and after a few seconds the answer uh sample .
B :  Because uh
B :  So it works like uh good morning remote control , and then the remote control says good morning .
A :  It doesn't has to say anything . Just You have to just talk to
D :  No . Does it say does it say something back ?
B :  Yeah uh th that's just It's a No . Yeah , it Well that's integrated in the chip , so if you use the speech recognition , that's in it .
A :  Okay , we have to stop it now . So just
A :  Okay , that's a r That's that's a advanced
C :  But i it's a separate chip .
B :  I dunno , but if we use speech recognition , that will be in it as well .
D :  Okay .
C :  Yeah , I don't know anything about this , but Nah .
D :  Um
A :  Yeah , we just decide not to put it in , because it's too difficult .
C :  I dunno .
B :  Well it it would be would be a good feature feature .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Okay , we just put it in , because it's a good feature . We have to stop now . Okay , just We have to stop it now .
B :  Okay . No no worries about the cost , etcetera . And there's a chip in it that will Okay .
D :  Fine .
A :  Oh .
B :  It's not saved yet .
C :  Okay .
B :  So
A :  Okay .
B :  Our beautiful drawing .
A :  So just f um
A :  So this is our agenda . You're F You're going to show your pr prototype presentation after me .
D :  Oops .
C :  Okay .
A :  Uh I didn't Oh yeah .
A :  So these are the
C :  Oh , okay . Yeah .
A :  So these are the um last notes we I made . If anything doesn't look right , just say it to me then . I don't have to put it in the report .
B :  Are we doing the the speech recognition ? Because we didn't have enough time to uh de um design the inside as well .
A :  Okay , but it's still possible uh uh financially . So if you want to , it's okay .
B :  Okay yeah . Well then then we're gonna put it in .
A :  Okay , just
B :  Yeah , just uh we have to design the inside then , but it should be uh
C :  Yeah , and Or are we making a slide open , like underneath ? Or fold open ? I don't know .
A :  Slide open is uh quite usable for remote controls .
C :  It's probably better .
C :  Yeah , s Like underneath uh you can slide it open and you other functions .
B :  It's may maybe uh a bit stronger as well .
A :  Maybe that's better .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , that's that's a very good point .
B :  Okay , so when you have a lot of room inside . So you can make it very easy to use . 'Cause you can write a lot of comments besides it .
C :  Think that's better .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Okay . So this is okay ?
B :  No . Yeah , we're gonna use the advanced chip then .
A :  Okay , so that's Uh I'll just have a look how much that is . But um Okay , for the Okay . No , you have a different chip for speech recognition . So
C :  The
B :  Advanced chip was for uh spee Yeah .
C :  Yeah , I I think so . I don't know .
C :  Ah okay .
B :  Okay .
A :  So I already calculated that and it's still in the budget . So it's okay .
B :  Good .
A :  So you can show your prototype if you want to .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Together ?
C :  Yeah , it's Let's do it together . Okay .
B :  I'll give comments .
C :  Yeah , we just made a Word file
C :  with the basic
C :  elements .
C :  Uh the look-and-feel model . Uh well the form , the case um as drawn there . Simply a square with uh round corners . So that's basically it . Uh the material should be hard plastic .
D :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Uh colour changeable , and also transparent . And colour and transparent , or just transparent , I don't know . Um then the elements .
C :  Uh we have
C :  The functions are just basic . Like uh I've pointed them here . Mute function , on-off function , text functions . This uh switch channel . And this is the
A :  Okay , cool .
C :  the num-pad . And the logo is over here , and the mic .
A :  Okay .
C :  And the scrollwheel , no ? You operate that with your pointing finger . So you hold it like this in your right hand and
D :  Means
A :  Mm .
A :  So how many functions do you need for for uh the microphone ?
B :  Speech recognition .
A :  Yeah , speech recognition . Just Only one button to say it's on or off .
B :  Um I didn't have a specification of that . But um I can imagine that you have to input your voice or something . Um so I've
C :  Uh I dunno .
C :  Yeah , maybe maybe uh you have to configure it .
B :  Yes , you need options to configure it , and after that you don't need 'em anymore .
A :  So you can put it on the back as well if you want to .
B :  Yeah , you can put 'em all on the back . That's for sure .
C :  Yeah , or or on the slide function , I don't know . Well we haven't had time to design that , the slide pad .
A :  Okay .
D :  Okay .
B :  That's uh
B :  We also don't know how many buttons are required , or what kind of buttons . But
B :  You have a lot of room if you can slide it open .
A :  Yeah , you can put it separate .
B :  You Yeah I know . I can imagine you need at least four buttons or something . So But it's enough room .
C :  Yeah .
C :  Um the position ? Yeah , you write uh You wrote this , so .
B :  Uh well Well the main , the main zap buttons are most central .
B :  That was the the most important thing . So uh the best place , the best reach place Um on-off buttons , text buttons , mute buttons are together and at a place they easily are , easy to find .
B :  Um the on-off button is a bit bigger , uh so it stands out . That way you don't have to make it red , 'cause it's
B :  will uh will show up .
B :  Uh scrollwheel is on the left side . It's basically the be standard place for scrollwheel , as far as I know .
C :  Yeah . But it's not uh impossible to use it , if you're left handed . So y Because you can use your thumb then .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Just just one thing now . Um y you need to have more uh one two th You've got one two three four five six seven eight nine . But you missed the no uh the zero and uh the two stripes .
B :  Okay yeah , they
C :  Mm yeah .
B :  Yeah okay . That's that's below that then . It's uh twelve buttons .
C :  Yeah , okay .
C :  just so you get that .
D :  Okay , but
D :  It's rather important .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah okay , just we just missed that . But um I'll just uh
B :  I'll get back to later . F the form well , we've taken that from the iPod , other popular technical device . So um should be popular .
B :  Um
B :  The f uh the buttons creating ? Uh if you
B :  That or all round shapes , not uh rounded corners .
A :  Okay .
B :  So that , you know , you get a bit round feeling .
B :  Um we'll use hard plastic . Since that allows us to use uh two D_ buttons , uh non-rubber buttons .
B :  Colour changeable . Well and um the backlight thing , the thing that lights up . We have decided uh in the the channel buttons , there's a little uh colour around it .
D :  Okay .
B :  And also in the num-pads , there's also colour light behind it .
A :  And do you still can , do you still can choose what colour , kind of colour you want ? How do you want to implement that ? Just on the Maybe on the second level as well ?
B :  So when you pre
B :  Yeah .
B :  We're going to implement . Yeah . Mm just a little
D :  Ah .
C :  Yeah , these are just basic functions , so All the non-basic are in
A :  Okay , just draw draw the second level , because we need that as well .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Okay .
C :  Um
D :  Okay , there is one uh function I use uh daily , and it's not on the basic functions . It's uh to switch to uh uh your Scart . Play Station or uh D_V_D_ player . That function must be
C :  Okay , maybe we use this button for the
D :  Yeah , maybe Or you can uh i uh lay it uh beneath in the uh other uh functions .
B :  Yeah , I um To your video device .
A :  Yeah , as well . Just make make a Just just draw a second level one and say all options that are still left or something .
C :  Yeah .
C :  A second level ? Like a a new blank one or Or just here ? Okay .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
A :  No no , just on Down there . So uh
B :  Is i Ah okay .
C :  Yeah .
D :  And h how does the second level come out ? Uh it slides uh along ?
A :  Just uh if you s
B :  Um slides I think . It's
A :  Yeah , y Maybe , yeah .
D :  From from the uh beneath ?
A :  For the bottom .
B :  You can do it that it claps open , but I think that's not solid enough . If that breaks then you're screwed .
A :  No , you gotta slide it .
A :  Yeah , it's right .
B :  So it do doesn't even have to slide all the way open . Um
C :  So what do we need ?
B :  Uh i the the speech functions buttons .
C :  Yeah , just
D :  Menu ?
B :  Menu button .
B :  With uh maybe uh arrows .
B :  So you can uh
B :  scroll in the , navigate the menu .
B :  Um
C :  God damn it .
D :  Scart ?
B :  I think we can even put a We have one for the zero and one for the for the more digit uh channels . So you have one left for the Right , the video channel , Play Station , etcetera . That's used pretty often .
D :  Uh yeah .
D :  And so y you keep you keep one , you have one left . Yes .
C :  So this is the
D :  Yeah . It's a f basic uh
B :  If you have a Play Station , mm you use it every day .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Extern or something .
A :  You want to save that file as well ?
A :  The drawing ?
B :  That was it .
C :  So here are multiple speech buttons , I don't know how many .
B :  Uh
A :  Doesn't really matter . Just just uh
C :  I don't know the functions . Okay . What else ?
B :  It doesn't really matter . That's Yeah well we don't have any uh Hmm ? What else ? Uh menu buttons with arrows .
C :  What else ?
C :  Uh menu .
D :  Yeah , to navigate .
C :  Uh With arrows .
B :  S Just uh like Um I think it's best if we do .
B :  Mm where do we have
B :  Or there .
C :  Like a normal um
B :  Like on the normal uh Like this .
C :  Yeah , with in the middle um a menu button . Okay .
B :  The menu button , yes .
B :  Well we don't have any , anything on how many buttons speech requires . So you can't redesign it .
D :  Mm okay .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Maybe one button to switch the colour of your uh LEDs ?
A :  Yeah .
B :  Yep .
D :  Uh and and you can hold it , you can hold it , and then the colours switch or mm multiple multiple buttons .
A :  Yeah .
B :  Just press it once , the colour should uh switch . Press again , the colour switch again maybe ?
D :  okay .
A :  Or we just make it three buttons , all the colours on it . Just red , yel uh red , green and
D :  Okay , yeah . Th Yeah . If we have enough place , uh then we can do that .
C :  Yeah , okay .
A :  That's that's very easy , yeah .
C :  We can put those here .
D :  Colour buttons . And then we choose green , uh blue and red or Okay .
A :  Yeah .
B :  Yep .
A :  Okay .
D :  Okay . That's uh Um
C :  So did we miss anything ?
B :  Yeah , maybe some uh some text next to the scroll wheel , that it is volume .
D :  It
D :  Some text uh buttons .
C :  Okay .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , but
B :  I just uh The volume logo .
A :  No , ma on on o on the on the
D :  there's one there's one text button I
C :  Oh wh Here ?
A :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Okay .
A :  Just make it
D :  There's one text button I prefer . That's the one uh that you use if you search for a page , uh like seven hundred , uh and it's counting from one hundred to two hundred , you will switch to your television and back to text . Do you do you Did you think of that ?
C :  Yeah , or th or the
B :  Yeah , we have that on the the text button .
C :  Yeah .
C :  Yep .
C :  Yeah , but then you can switch back to normal telete teletext . You just switch it off and then
B :  Uh why not ?
A :  Yeah , just put it on those extra f extra function as well .
D :  Ex Yeah . Yeah .
B :  No Whoa
C :  Well w we thought of a text button . And if you press it again , you get the the the
B :  I think um Yeah , the three stages . Yes .
D :  The sta the state you
A :  Oh just three stages , you Yeah , that's okay .
C :  through view . Yeah , b but but if you're in the second stage , the third stage is switch teletext off . So you can switch back from second to w first .
D :  Yeah .
B :  No , it doesn't have to turn it off .
D :  No . Just remember where it was . It it doesn't uh uh clear the the page . If you if you turn teletext on , you you set the seven hundred , and you turn it off , then the next time you turn it on , it still stays on seven hundred ? But maybe it's not the way
B :  Just don't
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yes , that's to remember .
C :  Okay , okay .
A :  Yeah , but that's that's uh
B :  I dunno if
A :  That's a functionality for the television .
B :  Yeah , I think as well , but Uh yeah .
D :  Mm . That's maybe one thing we can discuss about .
C :  Yeah mm nee uh No , if i uh the remote can send like the the code for seven hundred , page seven hundred to the television . Th th th if you switch it on .
B :  Yeah , in thi the the remote control in the
A :  Okay .
A :  Yeah , but you have to search every time again . That's what what happening if you do it like that . But it's still the television that has to do that .
C :  Th i
B :  the chip .
B :  Yeah , that's true .
C :  Yeah , I dunno . Okay .
B :  So yeah . Um do we need to fix that or
D :  Mm most new T_V_s do uh collect all the pages .
A :  No , that's what the television does .
C :  Yeah , those memory functions .
D :  But uh not not every every television , so
C :  Yeah . Was uh this logo for uh volume ? Okay .
A :  Okay , it's cool .
A :  Yeah , that's fine .
C :  So that's it ?
A :  Is this prich pretty much it , yeah ?
D :  Yeah , I I thought about one thing . Uh the buttons ? Uh from which material are they now ?
C :  Mm . No no Yeah . Just hard plastic . So
B :  Just like your telephone , hard plastic .
D :  Okay . Because um if you use it a couple of years , some uh sometimes the numbers on the on the buttons are slide away , are uh And maybe we can write the numbers below or above ? Or shall we just turn it on on the buttons ?
A :  It's too expensive to make it from a different material anyway .
B :  I think just on the buttons . If you do it abo above or below , it takes uh more space .
C :  Uh I think just um
D :  Well yeah . That's too much place .
D :  Okay , just leave it . Just leave it .
C :  Yeah , but
B :  I don't think the space is worth it .
D :  Yeah , and i
C :  I think uh you have that problem more often with rubber buttons .
D :  The most time
D :  Yeah , with rubber buttons . Yeah , okay .
D :  Okay . Fine .
A :  Yeah ? Okay , cool .
A :  Mm mm mm mm mm .
A :  Yeah , I don't know what this means . But I think we just evela evaluated this one .
D :  Yeah , I made some criteria uh , so we can uh ev evaluate our model . I d d d I don't think if it's right . That shall show it .
A :  Oh okay , you made some criteria . Okay , cool .
A :  Okay .
A :  You have some usability criteria or Okay .
D :  Mm-hmm . Uh no , uh all criterias we just argue about . Uh
D :  Oh .
C :  In the bottom .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Look-and-feel ?
D :  Evaluation crit
C :  No , evaluation is
D :  Yeah , evaluation presentation .
D :  It's not in .
D :  Uh d it doesn't matter um It only had two pages or something .
D :  Um well I looked in the reports um from the marketing strategy , or uh of uh the the the the the the new needs and uh the market . The Italians uh , how they think about it . And
D :  The research uh about uh the the comp uh the the the users and that kind of stuff . I made some criteria , and we have to test the criteria from one to zero . We sh we we we can give it uh a number , and then we can give ourself an average for our
A :  Okay .
D :  um model . And this These are all I I I found , or I wrote down . And um we have to discuss about , if we give it a one or a seven . Uh
A :  Okay .
A :  Uh I think uh if you have a kind of iPod idea . It quite beautiful . It's
D :  Yes . Yeah , the the the difference be between uh beautiful and fancy uh look-and-feel is uh the the the outside uh beautiful uh like the iPod or something . And fancy's more like the mm uh f the flashing lights and the colours and and that kind of stuff . The LEDs .
B :  Mm .
A :  We are actu We are the
A :  Flashy .
B :  Okay . Well I think we do If it's really uh , if you can if you can get the iPod look , then it's beautiful , I think .
D :  Yes . And and what ki what kind of what kind of basic colours uh were you thought uh of ? The basic colours are black or green or yellow ? Or you haven't thought about
A :  But uh
C :  Yeah beautiful's is also a matter of taste .
B :  Hmm ?
B :  Um basic colours , um yeah . Well you didn't say . Maybe um company colours ?
D :  Ho how do we make uh
A :  It's black .
B :  Black .
D :  Black and yellow . Can
B :  A bit a bit of yellow .
A :  Yeah , yellow light . Do we have yellow light ? No , not really , but it's possible . It's
B :  Not not not yellow , but just a bit of light yellow .
D :  Black white , maybe ?
B :  Like white , also ni or uh always nice .
C :  And what colours should the buttons be ?
D :  Uh
D :  Because um
A :  Yeah , different colours . This is
B :  Just um
A :  Oh , the same as th th the cover . But also th the light behind it .
C :  But can you change those too , with uh the switch ?
B :  Yes .
A :  No , no . Make them No , just make them black or grey or something .
B :  Yeah , grey . Just dark grey I think .
C :  Okay .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Okay , so what uh number do we give uh a beautiful ? Beautiful is uh really subjective , uh because it has to do lots with the colours .
B :  Well we have changeable fronts , so
D :  Changeable fronts , so ev for everyone for everyone it's something beautiful .
B :  So
A :  Yeah , just give it a one . It's okay . It's perfect . I think it's just what you want . Or not ?
B :  Yeah .
B :  It's hard to decide for us , but yeah .
C :  Yeah . It's ju so subjective .
B :  It it's At least it's a lot better than uh current remote controls .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Okay , just give it a two .
D :  A two . Okay .
D :  The fancy look-and-feel . That's about our uh flashing lights and the background uh lights uh from from from the buttons . Okay . And we can change the colours , so that's uh really fancy I think . So
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
C :  One more thing . Are w are we changing uh Or are they there uh backlights on the slide panel too ? Or n no back light ? Yeah ?
D :  Slide panel ?
B :  Mm . Not needed .
A :  No . No , it's only on the number , behind the numbers and uh
B :  Yeah , not needed I think .
C :  And and the switch channel is uh There is a back light too ?
D :  Oh , you mean th this here ?
A :  That as well , yeah .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , but that's unnecessary .
B :  What do I think is necessary necessary item ?
D :  It's pretty cool . If you slide it open , it lights up . That's that's really fancy , but I don't know if it's reachable .
A :  Yeah .
B :  Of course it's reachable .
A :  It doesn't make
D :  Then we do it .
C :  Hmm .
B :  Okay , maybe just some light uh to to light it all up . So you can see what's really there . Not just not re on the buttons or something . Just a green light or some blue light .
A :  No . Yeah .
D :  Yeah , but
B :  To light it all up .
A :  But Yeah . Mayb Okay .
C :  Yeah , just backlight . Not not the buttons . And th and the the normal backlights also not the buttons , but behind the buttons . So the buttons are just grey .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Okay .
B :  Well yeah . Uh semi-transparent .
A :  Yeah , just only Yeah , that's right .
C :  Okay .
D :  Okay , fine . So I I think it's very fancy . So I'll give it a
A :  So
A :  Yeah , that's how I think .
B :  Yeah , w we've done a a lot of detail in light , so
D :  Yeah , and you can uh also choose your light , so
A :  Yeah , this It is a one . It's okay . It's cool .
B :  Yeah .
D :  I think it's one .
D :  Okay , next . Learnable ? Easy to use ?
A :  This is a difficult one , because we we don't Yeah , we don't know it about the
D :  Yeah , we shall test it But uh
A :  Uh it's it's very easy to use , but uh the second layer is not easy to use . It's That's
B :  Yeah .
C :  No , but you don't have to use that . And you on don't have to pay attention to that second layer . That's th that's the main thing that's so good about it .
D :  Yeah .
A :  No .
B :  So I think it's easy to use , but And learnable is a bit
D :  Learnable ? It's not not as fast as a usual uh uh remote control . Because because I think I think the scroll wheel , uh it's very handy , but the first time you get this thing in your hands , it's not to use the scroll wheel . I think uh you must uh seek for it , and up or down or Uh then the re
C :  Well , I think it is .
B :  Well y just uh f
A :  But the rest of it is very easy , because there are so so n
B :  Yeah , I think it's very clear what it all does .
C :  So so few information that you can easily decide what buttons w for what function .
B :  Yes .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Okay .
B :  But the second parts , uh like speech , etcetera , that will be harder to learn .
A :  So it is learnable um f i i In the first place it's very easy to use . And I think its scrollwheel is u easy to use as well , if you have ever used uh a different kind of uh of uh device .
D :  Okay .
D :  But
B :  It's Yeah it's
D :  Yeah . But we we've got the two so two uh two or three uh new things , huh ? And maybe we uh maybe learnable is in uh compare of old fashion uh remote controls . So we h we have speech , uh the scroll wheel , and um the the the slide . You must slide it .
B :  Device .
D :  And that's not normal at the uh normal remote controls . 'Cause I think learnable is a l a less than um easy to use . Because easy to use comes after learnable . I I think it a three or something .
A :  But yeah .
B :  Okay .
A :  Okay , just Easy to use is very cool , so just give it a two .
B :  Maybe three then . Learnable's
A :  No , but definitely better , much better than uh than uh than avera average , yeah .
C :  Mm uh .
C :  The normal . And the one you showed is just all buttons and you don't know
B :  Yeah okay . Yeah .
B :  Yep , true .
B :  Then a two .
D :  Oh . Okay . New features . Techno technological innovative ?
C :  Yeah .
A :  Okay .
C :  The speech function and the colour . Colour .
D :  The speech function is new . The scrollwheel and the slide . Uh I think the slide is pretty new .
B :  And the scrollwheel , backlights , slide .
A :  Slide is not n is is not new . No . I already have a
D :  Uh I only saw it in a telephone , not in an remote control .
A :  Uh I already have a V_C_R_ and it's about from nineteen eighty eight . And they all have a slide in it . So that's not new . Yeah .
D :  Okay .
B :  But also slide that buttons come out , as well ? Okay .
D :  Okay , and the the the lightning ? Is that new ? The lighting's new . Scrollwheel . Speech ?
A :  That's cool . Yeah for a Uh for a f
C :  Mm it's pretty new , I think .
B :  Yes .
C :  Speech is new .
B :  Different colours , so
D :  Yeah , different fronts for a remote control , I think that's new too .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
D :  So we have a pretty new uh
A :  There are no games on it , that's that's It's not a one , it's a two again . But
B :  That would And we didn't uh
D :  It's it's it's not not L_C_D_ or something .
B :  But then we also have the the home station . We are forgetting about that now , but
A :  If you have
A :  Yeah . Oh yeah , that's right . Rechargeable .
D :  Uh-oh .
D :  Home-station .
B :  We don't recharge .
C :  Yeah , we didn't draw that too , but
B :  But that's more like uh now .
A :  Yeah , just draw it afterwards .
C :  Yeah , that's just a normal th s simple thing .
B :  I don't know .
A :  If you Can you save it on the same , in the same map as the other ones ? In the the project uh map ?
B :  Uh
B :  Just save , save as ?
A :  Yeah . Mm-hmm .
A :  Uh save as ? No , that's not in the project .
C :  Well it's a already in the folder . L like number seven .
A :  Oh yeah , okay . Smart board . Yeah , but this one .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Okay .
A :  This one is not yet in the Oh oh .
C :  I think it is .
B :  Yeah , it is .
C :  No , I think it is .
B :  Uh untitled ? Yeah , it doesn't matter . Save .
C :  Okay .
D :  Uh all the the seven , uh all the seven .
A :  But you still have to draw the resi the recharger . Okay . And new features , so we give it a two or also again a one ? No , I think i if you have games on it , then then you give you have a one . But not
D :  No , we are not extraordinary new or something . Tha tha that
A :  No , just so it's still a two .
C :  Mm two , I think .
A :  Targeted audience . Uh we are the targeted audience ? Do we like it ?
D :  No , we we we searched for uh um a young group , audience , beneath f forty . Yes .
A :  Yeah , but l younger than forty . So we we are exactly the targeted group .
D :  Yeah , but did we reach , um with our uh style , the targeted audience ? Th that's my question .
A :  I think so , yeah . You get the fancy things for younger people . And you get the the aesthetic things for older people . So you want
C :  Yeah .
C :  We've got a one for fancy look-and-feel , and that's what attracts the young audience . So
D :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah . Um the only point is that we don't uh have uh uh That's that's That's this question .
C :  think that's a two or a one .
C :  Yeah , but s it That's basically not not handy . And I don't thi I don't see
D :  Yeah , this . So we targeted it ?
C :  Yeah .
D :  But we didn't follow the latest trends .
C :  Yeah .
C :  No .
C :  Yeah , you could make a a front
B :  Mm . I think we followed the latest trends .
C :  a front that's that's like uh like a banana , or something .
D :  Tha these are the only latest uh trends I uh get on my computer .
B :  Oh right . Well uh fruit and vegetables , yeah . You can different front uh
A :  Yeah , you get different colours .
D :  Uh yeah , th So we had we uh have uh a fruit uh
A :  So
C :  Like a a f banana kind of front .
D :  Oh yeah . But spongy will never be .
C :  No .
D :  So we give ourself a three or something .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Oh .
D :  Okay .
A :  So that's eleven .
D :  That's uh
D :  What's the average ?
A :  It's Yeah , it is one point eight three .
C :  Eleven divided by six .
D :  A perfect score . No , I don't know .
C :  We're not too hard on ourselves .
B :  This is a a power indicator . So you can see how far it's charged up .
C :  Okay .
D :  And and you need n uh a button to call it , to let it beep .
C :  Okay .
B :  To call . Um
A :  Oh yeah , that's still
D :  Call
C :  Yeah , but uh we have to make a speaker then too . If you want to make it beep .
A :  Yeah , maybe we have to skip that one .
B :  Okay .
D :  That's Yeah , but it
B :  No no , I want that in .
C :  But we can we can do it uh underneath the logo .
D :  No , we need that . That's usable . That's really usable .
C :  If you do uh
A :  Okay .
B :  Yeah , th the speaker is very small as well , right ?
C :  Yeah , okay .
D :  It's uh
A :  So I just got a financial um
B :  Yes uh .
A :  You s saved it or
D :  Yeah .
D :  I did save it .
A :  No .
A :  Okay , let's have a look at this one here , the production cost of it . If I forgot anything , just say it to me .
A :  It just is a battery . Yeah , there are some that they didn't mention , because recharge is not on the list . But okay . So I think we are pretty much in the right direction , because it's twelve point three Euros .
C :  Mm okay .
D :  That's fine .
C :  But uh is uh uh
A :  So this is a regular chip incl and and a sample speaker .
C :  Okay .
A :  So that's both .
D :  Come on , it's perfect . Uh twelve point three point three .
A :  Yeah , and single curved curved .
C :  But but is it inc Does it include a a homestation or
A :  No , that's not on the list . But that shouldn't be .
C :  Can we make that for uh h twenty cents ?
B :  Yeah , we can uh
A :  Probably . I just The b the button supplements , I didn't I d I was wondering if this special colour maybe was I'm not sure .
B :  Um different fronts , but standard front won't be , yeah .
A :  See it's I think it's okay like this .
D :  Special form , yeah .
A :  It's hard to say . But maybe we have to um Yeah , okay . Special colour , you can skip this one , because it's all quite normal . We get different ones , that's all .
B :  Yeah .
A :  So you can put a recharger in it as well . But this is expensive , the sample speaker .
C :  Yeah .
B :  This ?
A :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , it's four .
D :  Four . It's four Euros .
B :  Oh , them . Is that uh included ? In the twelve Euro or Okay , then we then we need to use it .
D :  Yeah . So we are
A :  Yeah , that's included .
C :  It's kind of weird that we we get this information now , afterwards . Because
A :  Yeah , no . Okay , so this is uh pretty much it this .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Damn , solar cells are uh expensive .
A :  So I just want you Yeah , we just made it . So we can do the project evalu evaluation now for uh
A :  for everything together .
D :  Okay .
A :  Okay .
A :  We can do some discussion about this . Was there room for creativity ?
C :  Sure .
D :  Yes .
B :  Okay .
A :  Paul , was there room for crea creativity ?
C :  Beautiful .
B :  Mm uh i Yeah , I think so . I think uh everyone uh already . So
C :  Yeah m If we got a high mark for um
C :  uh innovativeness or innovativity
A :  Yeah .
D :  Or a different style .
C :  then there we probably have been creative .
B :  I think we uh discussed a lot of things about it . So
C :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
D :  We could make a lot of different uh remote controls . So it's creativity .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Huh .
A :  Okay , so the leadership
A :  Was there a leadership and
B :  Of course there was .
A :  Okay .
A :  What do you have to say about that ?
C :  No , I think Yeah .
D :  Who was the leader ?
A :  I dunno .
C :  Just normal discussion , I think . Not
B :  Yeah .
C :  one leader or something .
B :  One leader to
B :  check the time , etcetera .
C :  Yeah . And make notes .
A :  Yeah , I know .
B :  So more like a secretary .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Okay , next one . Uh team work um The the third meeting I think that one was pretty hard . We were not all We were not um agree with every not agree with . We're not finished .
D :  Yeah yeah . We were not finished .
C :  Yeah , w we had so much information , that we get through email and just
D :  Uh .
B :  Uh I think we we got wrong information at the wrong time . I think that was the m biggest problem . Like uh the prices . If we knew that before , we could have uh had discussion really uh s really quicker .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , th that's weird .
D :  Yeah , because
D :  the prices uh could be twenty Euros or something now . And then
B :  Yeah , and if you had uh fifteen Euros , then we would it . We had to
D :  Yeah .
C :  Hmm hmm yeah .
A :  Yeah , finance .
C :  So we're bacal basically just lucky to uh get the price right .
B :  Yeah .
A :  But the teamwork was okay .
D :  Yeah , uh everybody could speak their uh opinion . And uh
B :  I think uh everyone listen to each other . Like marketing said things and then we had to i include them in the design .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
A :  'Kay .
A :  Yeah , what I have to say about uh means . The smart board is okay . Digital pen is horrible . I dunno if you use it . But if you want to download it to your computer , it's doesn't work . No .
D :  Yeah .
B :  It was Just doesn't work . Well uh smart board would be very uh nice to work with , if it worked really well . Just not work too slow . Yeah , more accurate .
D :  Digital pen or
C :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , i if if it would be faster , it would be great .
D :  Yeah , the drawings are are hard to make , I think .
B :  Yeah , it's i It should be more accurate .
D :  Precise .
C :  Yeah .
B :  And uh I think it would be great if you could edit it from , just with a mouse , from where you're sitting .
A :  Yeah .
B :  Not just pointing out on it .
A :  It's the same for the presenta for the presentations . You can do it from here . That's much easier than standing there . And so you've
B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , and p just point with a mouse .
B :  No use to draw on the board itself . It's just slows down .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
C :  Just old fashioned kinda blackboard style . But you might as well do it in normal computer style .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , like .
B :  Yeah , even harder to draw like this than black board style .
C :  Yeah . Yeah .
C :  And it's far too slow this way .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Okay .
B :  You cou You could draw on it , but not as main function .
C :  No .
A :  I think Yeah , okay .
D :  Digital pen .
A :  So we made it in time . And we made a remote control .
B :  We did it .
A :  In the budget , yeah .
B :  New ideas found .
D :  New ideas .
C :  What's that ?
B :  Oh
D :  For for for
A :  I don't know what it mean . Just
B :  I just think if we uh
D :  To gather , or to uh
D :  work together , uh or new ideas for
B :  I dunno .
A :  For remote control probably . No , for the project .
B :  For remote control , a favourite for your text .
C :  Hmm .
D :  No , for the prototype . New ideas .
C :  Yeah , but still , you couldn't make a fancy a f you couldn't make a a prototype out of this . Because we don't have any sizes and
A :  Yeah . But it's for the next team . We don't have to do that .
C :  Yeah , but it You can't possibly do that in such a short time , I think .
B :  That's for .
B :  Yeah , this this is just the idea phase , the
C :  Yeah , just brainstorming basically .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Details uh
D : 
C :  So are we finished ?
D :  Hmm .
A :  Yes , I think just I just write a final report .
C :  Okay . Yeah .
B :  Quite early .
A :  No , we have only
A :  four minutes left . Uh it's okay .
C :  Oh okay .
B :  Oh , what do we have to do now . Do we uh
B :  I thought we were done at four o'clock ?
C :  It's now quarter past three . So
B :  Yep .
D :  I should take some pictures uh .
A :  Okay .
B :  Mm we can do it afterwards , so
D :  Yes .
D :  Let's play minesweeper .
B :  Yeah . I found it as well .
D :  Ti-din ti-din .
B :  One two three
B :  four five six seven cameras .
B :  Mm not bad .
B :  So that was it .
C :  Yeah . Now we can look at this .
B :  This is
C :  We're probably not supposed to look at this , but
B :  The old versions .
C :  Yeah , from the previous group .
B :  They went for uh
B :  for a universal device . Yeah , but also a different device .
C :  The touchscreen , yeah .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Then an L_C_D_ uh would be handy .
C :  Hmm .
C :  Here are the
C :  basic functions in here , the selecting dev devices .
B :  Yeah , and touch screens for all our stuff , yeah . I do agree with that .
C :  Hmm .
B :  Yeah , tu-dum .
B :  English is not so hard by the way .
C :  No .
D :  I'm breaking a world record here .
B :  Well , leader ?
D :  Oh shit .
B :  Project Manager ?
D :  We've got a problem , Paul .
B :  You do ? Yeah , you have to make a choice .
D :  Yes .
D :  No it's your choice .
B :  Wow , that's pretty quick .
D :  Tu-dum .
B :  Uh uh um
D :  Just pick one .
B :  You have to decide .
B :  It's the lower one .
D :  What's this ? A bomb or not a bo This the bomb ?
B :  No no , the upper one is the bomb . Yes .
D :  Wrong .
D :  Shit . I knew it .
B :  I knew it .
D :  Four in a row .
B :  No . That's too much work .
D :  Uh .
B :  Come on .
D :  Is that previous work ?
C :  Yeah , this one .
B :  I challenge you .
D :  Oh , that's so stupid .
D :  No , that doesn't work .
B :  No , you gotta use the magic pen .
B :  Hmm .
B :  What if
B :  I put one
B :  there ?
D :  That's stupid .
B :  We'll see .
D :  Okay .
B :  I don't agree .
D :  Mm .
D :  Sorry .
B :  Yeah , you had two choices .
B :  That's gonna be draw .
B :  Or not .
C :  Hmm .
D :  Too bad .
B :  I'll put it here . You are going to put it there . Then
D :  Yeah , then I put it there . No one wins .
B :  It's a difficult choice , either here or there .
C :  This is a very interesting design .
B :  Ugly .
D :  It's just the same as normal .
C :  Well it has a L_C_D_ , I think .
B :  Oh a pen .
B :  Yeah , but
D :  Okay .
B :  Then do it correctly .
D :  Stupid design . Stupid .
C :  And what else do we have ?
B :  Stupid , the L_C_D_ screen .
D :  'Kay wait , I'm going to draw something and you must y
B :  What ?
B :  Okay , I'm going to guess what you're drawing .
D :  Okay , blank .
B :  No no , the new one .
D :  Oh .
B :  Uh they just don't save it .
D :  Um
D :  I know uh .
B :  A house ?
B :  Yeah , you have to use the pen s stupid .
A :  You have to save everything , you know that , huh ?
B :  No , not everything .
D :  Oh .
C :  Yeah , everything .
B :  Pen , select select pen .
D :  Pen .
C :  It wants to know what we do in our spare time .
B :  Okay .
B :  It's a house .
B :  A plant ?
D :  No , it's Only you can know it .
B :  Oh yeah , I can know it .
B :  It's a
D :  It's uh very hard to draw .
B :  Okay , that makes it easier .
B :  I think I know . No , wrong .
D :  Mm .
B :  I think I know what you're trying to draw , but it's wrong already .
D :  It's very
B :  Yeah , you missed the right side .
D :  Fuck . F
B :  No , you're wrong , you're wrong
D :  A little bit maybe , but
B :  See where you're wrong now ?
B :  The entrance .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Warning . Finish meeting now .
B :  Alright .
D :  Okay , the entrance is uh more to the left .
C :  Warning . Warning .
B :  You're correct .
D :  Okay . But but but I think this part
B :  Yeah , but I think Oh no you made another mistake .
D :  Oh . Yeah , there are a lot of mistakes , because the walls are thick like this .
B :  No I w Okay , I'm not that whiny . But uh there was a big hole here as well , and there as well .
D :  Oh , that's true . Uh here . Yeah , they're walking behind the walls .
B :  That's a kinda big mistake .
B :  Warning , finish meeting now .
B :  Guys , I think we have to finish the meeting .
C :  Okay .
D :  'Kay this is a hard one .
B :  Uh ?
C :  Boom-boa-ring-bing .
B :  What does it say ?
C :  Fill in the questionnaire .
C :  What now ?
B :  Come on .
A :  Okay , yeah .
C :  Okay .
B :  Yep .
D :  Okay .
C :  No more chit-chat .
B :  Oh you gotta finish
D :  Che-che-che-che .
B :  over there ? In your own room ? I'm gonna be so lonely .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Tu-dumm .
D :  Uh .
B :  Mm I'll clean that up later .
D :  This is That's my new interface .
B :  What's that ?
D :  That's a uh edited smiley .
D : 
D :  Tom-ti-dom . Uh .
C :  Okay .
